QuestionPro Help — Surveys: Questions And Logic
Source: QuestionPro Help (surveys.questionpro.com)
Articles: 78
============================================================

## Open-ended text analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/open-ended-text-data-analysis.html
Summary: Analyzing open-ended text data 

Analyzing open-ended text data QuestionPro offers six ways to analyze open-ended text collected in a survey. These tools will enable you to make sense of responses and strengthen the quality and value of the data for those using it to smart business decisions. The goal for reviewing open-ended text is to be able to identify word themes and patterns that offer deeper insights into the overall survey. You can categorize and calculate the open-ended text with these tools based on respondent profile, custom variables, or responses given. Open-ended text tools Text report - Looking at all the open ended text data together Data segmentation text report - Filtering the data by open ended text Search and Adhoc query - Searching your open ended data for keywords Word cloud - looking at what words were used in majorirty Text tagging and categorization - tagging data to further analysis Sentiment analysis - Understanding the sentiment of your open ended data PathosAI - Using our in-house AI model Text Highlighter - Understanding the sentiment of your open ended data Text report To access the text report, go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Text Report. What customization options are available? You can expand the section to Filter data or access additional Settings Following settings are available for the dashboard: Filter Data: By default, the survey status filter is set to all responses. You can add additional filters and the dashboard will be updated in real-time. You can also save frequently used filters to access directly as and when needed. Title and Logo: You can update the title for the report as well as add description and also add logo for the dashboard. Customize Theme: Here you can customize the theme of the dashboard. Share Settings: Click on the globe icon to open share settings for the dashboard. Data segmentation To discover what specific segments of respondents say, use the data segmentation tool to download the results. For example, If you want to analyze comments from males vs females, the data segmentation tool makes it very easy to do a side by side comparison. To access data segmented text, go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Analysis » Data Segmentation Select ‘New Data Filter’ to create filters based on questions, custom variables, etc., and click ‘Save filter.’ Review the newly created segment and apply response and time status (optional). To the right, access the text report for the segment. Click on text report for the segment to analyze, print, or share with others. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Overview
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/genie-overview.html
Summary: Genie

Genie What is Genie? Genie is a smart AI assistant designed to help users with their product usage queries by providing relevant information and guidance. Genie assisting in searching relevant information from the Help Center. Genie assisting in navigating to the search query of the user. What does Genie look like? Genie appears as a chathead-like bubble on the screen. When clicked, a draggable chatbox opens up for users to type their messages or speak their questions to get answers. Where can I find Genie? Genie is available on every page of QuestionPro. It stays on the page while users interact with the software, making it easy for them to follow instructions conveniently. Can we drag Genie and the chat box? Yes, Genie and the chat box both are draggable.Genie bubble will be at right or left of the screen only while chatbox can be placed anywhere on the screen. What is the purpose of Genie? The purpose of Genie is to assist users with any questions they may have about using the QuestionPro product. Does Genie support different languages Yes, Genie support different languages. For example: If you enter the question in Spanish. then you will get the response in Spanish. How does Genie work? Genie uses artificial intelligence to understand users' questions, whether typed or spoken, and provide relevant answers. Users can interact with Genie by typing their queries into the chatbox and clicking the send button, or by using the microphone button to speak their questions. The microphone button transcribes speech into text, allowing users to review and edit their query before sending it. Genie also offers a speak feature, which lets users listen to the bot's responses. To use the microphone for continuous listening, users need to hold the microphone button while speaking. Can Genie provide assistance with specific features of QuestionPro? Yes, Genie can provide assistance with specific features of QuestionPro. Users can ask questions about any aspect of the product, and Genie will provide relevant information and guidance. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Scale Library
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/scale-library.html
Summary: Scale library

Scale Library What is a scale library? Scale library is a collection of frequently used answer scales or answer options that you can add to your survey questions. To use the scale library, go to: Login » Select Survey » Edit (Workspace) Add a question to your survey. For the question, click on Bulk Edit. From the Scale Library select the scale that you wish to use. Can I add custom scales? Yes. For any scales or answer options that you want to use frequently, you can add them to the scale library. To add scales, click on the Add to Scale Library option. Enter a name for your scale and Save Your custom scales will now be available to use under the scale library. Where can I see and manage my custom scales? To view or manage your custom scale library, go to: Login(Surveys) » Organization » Libraries You can add and manage your scales here. Custom scales are available to use across the organization and will be available to all users in the organization. Custom scales are supported in all languages so you can have multilingual custom scales. Is the scale library available in languages other than English? Yes. Scale Library is based on the default survey language. If you have chosen a different language for your account, the scale library will be available in that language. For example, if you have chosen Spanish as your account language, the scales will be available in Spanish. Currently the scale library is available in English, Arabic, Dutch, French, German, Portuguese, and Spanish. You can change the default language for your survey and the scale library will be available in the chosen language. If the default language is set to French, the scale library will be available in French. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Extraction Support for Image Chooser Question Types
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/Extraction-Support-for-Image-Chooser-Question-Types.html
Summary: Extraction support for Image chooser Question Types

Extraction Support for Image Chooser Question Types How does extraction logic work for Image Chooser question types? Extraction logic allows the survey to retain information from previously asked question/s and allows the survey authors to gain further insights for the selections made by respondents for a specific question. We have now paired this feature with Image selection question type where different logics can be applied to extract the images chosen by respondents in subsequent questions and rate their preferences. For example, consider a question in your survey, "Please choose your favorite ice cream flavors from the given options." with the following options to choose from: Chocolate Vanilla Strawberry Butterscotch Based on respondents' answers, survey authors may ask further questions for the selected choice. You can set this up easily using Extraction Logic where the extracted options will appear with their corresponding images as provided in the previous question. In the provided example, the survey author has built logic to extract selected choices in the form of a star rating question. Assuming that the survey taker has chosen "Chocolate" and "Butterscotch" from the given options, here is how the next question will appear with their corresponding images. How do I setup extraction logic? To set up extraction: Go to: Login » Surveys (click on a survey) » Edit. Click on Logic for the question from which you wish to extract follow up questions. Select Extraction logic from the drop down. Select the options, you’d want to extract for the follow up questions. You can select from the following options: Selected Choices: All options selected by respondents will be used in the extracted question. Not Selected Choices: All options that are not selected by respondents will be used in the extracted question. Displayed Choices: All options that are displayed to the respondent will be extracted. Not Displayed Choices: All options that are hidden by show/hide logic and not displayed to the respondent will be extracted. All Choices: All choices will be extracted. Click on the drop-down next to 'to question type' and select the “Rating” >> “Star” option. Click on Save Extraction Logic button. The extracted question will appear below the source question. You can add question text for your question. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## What is comparison testing?
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/comparison-testing.html
Summary: This is the detailed documentation for setting up a comparison test in your QuestionPro account.

What is comparison testing? What is comparison testing? Link Copied In comparison tests, respondents compare multiple concepts as they are shown next to each other. The respondents can rank the concepts or directly select the best concept. How to set up a comparison test in QuestionPro? Link Copied To set up a comparison test in your QuestionPro account, please follow the steps below: Go to: Surveys >> Edit. Add a closed ended question type to your survey. Add the question text and answer text. That's it. You have successfully created a comparison study in your QuestionPro account. The results of the comparison study are pretty straight forward. You can go to: Surveys >> Analytics to check the results for your question. Which close ended question types can be used for the comparison testing? Link Copied Following are some question types which can be used for the comparison testing: Multiple choice(select one): You can use this question type to ask the likability of the respondent towards a specific text. Image Chooser (select one): You can use this question type to ask the likability of the respondent towards a specific image. Ordering(Rank Order): You can use this question type to ask the likability of the respondent towards a specific text/image by giving them the option to rank the answer choices. Basic Matrix(Multi-Point Scales): You can use this question type to ask the rating/satisfaction of the respondent towards various items by giving them the option to select the rating or answer option of each item mention in the question. Please refer to the You may also be interested in... section at the bottom of this document to know about all the question types provided by QuestionPro and can be used for the comparison testing. Pros and cons to comparison testing Link Copied Pros Comparison testing provides results that are easy to understand. This is a clear winner amongst the concepts since the respondents directly identify that they like a specific ad campaign better than the others or are willing to pay more for a particular product. Cons Although the results provided by a comparison test are easy to digest, they seldom offer real context about the true appeal of a concept There might be a specific detail about an ad campaign or a particular feature of a product that made it more appealing to the respondents. Such details are essential while deciding whether to invest in a concept. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Custom validation messages
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/custom-validation-messages.html
Summary: Create your own custom validation messages for each question in the survey to let respondents know why they failed or what they need to change in order to submit the survey.

Custom Validation Messages Custom validation messages allow you to replace the system validation messages with your own validation message to let respondents know why they failed or what they need to change in order to submit the survey. How to add a new validation message? To add a new validation message Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit. Click on the Validation icon on the question. In the pop-up, under Validation Messages, enter your custom validation message or choose a custom message from a drop down if you have added one before and click on the Apply button to add the custom validation message to your survey. Preview your survey to see the custom validation message. Adding custom validation messages to a survey will also save the messages in a library to make it easy to reuse the messages on other surveys. How to use custom variables in the validation messages? To use custom variables in the validation messages all you need to do is use the custom variable replacement tag and that will get replaced with the value when the custom variable is passed for the respondent. To add custom variable to the custom validation message, go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit Click on the Validation icon for the question Pass the custom variable in the survey to see the custom variable being replaced when answering the survey.In this example I have passed the respondent's name in custom variable 1 To learn more on how to use custom variable in the survey please refer to: Custom Variables How can I translate the custom validation messages? To translate the custom validation messages manually, go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Languages Once you add a language, you will see the Manual Translation left navigation menu. Here you can select a language from the dropdown menu and enter the translation for each of the messages. How to import translations for custom validation messages? To import translations for custom validation, go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Languages. Once you add a language, you will see the Import Translations left navigation menu. Click to Download Import Template Enter translations to this file and import this file back by clicking on the Import Translations button. What is the file format for the translation template? The template file is in Excel (.xlsx) file format. For each language, there is a predefined column in the excel file. Please make sure you enter your translations in the correct language column. Please do not make any changes in columns A, B, C and rows 1, 2 and 3. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Multiple choice question type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multiple-choice-question-types.html
Summary: Multiple choice question types (closed-ended). Multiple choice closed-ended questions allow the respondents to choose one or more answers from a given list of answer options.

Multiple choice question types (closed-ended) Multiple choice closed-ended questions: Multiple choice closed-ended questions allow respondents to choose one or more answers from a given list of answer options. You can define the answer options of your own choice or you can use a pre-existing set of dichotomous answers, such as yes/no, true/false, or ranking scale response options. It also allows you to add an "other" option where the respondents can fill in their own answer choice. You can also add the NA (not applicable) option. What are the advantages of multiple choice closed-ended questions? Multiple choice closed-ended questions are more easily analyzed. Every answer can be given a number or value so that a statistical interpretation can be assessed. Closed-ended questions are also better suited for computer analysis. If open-ended questions are analyzed quantitatively, the qualitative information is reduced to coding and answers tend to lose some of their initial meaning. Because of the simplicity of closed-ended questions, this kind of loss is avoided. Multiple choice closed-ended questions can be more specific, thus more likely to communicate similar meanings. Because open-ended questions allow respondents to use their own words, it is difficult to compare the meanings of the responses. In large-scale surveys, closed-ended questions take less time from the interviewer, the participant and the researcher, and so are a less expensive survey method. The response rate is higher with surveys that use closed-ended questions than with those that use open-ended questions. Answer types: Radio buttons: A radio button or option button is a type of graphical user interface element that allows the respondents to choose only one option from a predefined set of options. Check boxes: A check box (checkbox, tickbox, or tick box) is a graphical user interface element (widget) that permits the respondents to make multiple selections from a number of options. Drop-down: A drop-down list is a user interface control GUI element, similar to a list box, which allows the respondents to choose one value from a list. When a drop-down list is inactive, it displays a single value. When activated, it displays (drops down) a list of values, from which the respondents may select one. Select list: A select list box is a GUI widget that allows the user to select one or more items from a list contained within a static, multiple line text box. The respondent can click inside the box on an item to select it, sometimes in combination with the shift key or Control key in order to make multiple selections. Validation: Once you add questions to a survey, by default, the validation option is turned off. If the validation option is disabled, respondents can continue with the survey without answering the question. By enabling the validation option, you can see a new pop-up will appear with these options - force response and request response. When you select the Request response option, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue the survey without answering. Force response option makes a question mandatory. Select at most/exactly/at least: You can put validation on the number of answer options that a respondent must select before proceeding to the next question. For example, if you want the respondent to select a minimum of 3 answer options, then choose select at least from the drop-down and set the value as 3. Custom validation messages: You can set a customized validation message as well. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Text question- comment box
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/comment-box-question-type.html
Summary: Text question- Comment Box

Text question- Comment Box A comment box is an open-ended space where respondents can add comments or suggestions in the form of text. How do I add a Comment Box question? To add Comment Box question: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the Add Question button. Under Basic category go to Text and click on Comment Box. Add Row: You can add multiple rows using add row feature. Validation: When you add questions to a survey, by default, validation option is turned off. When validation option is not enabled, respondents can continue with the survey without selecting answers. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the response is still considered as complete. You can enable validation option to make a question required so that respondents can continue with the survey only after responding to the questions. Force Response: By selecting the validation option you can see a popup with the following options: None, Force Response and Request Response. By default the "None" option is selected. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the image above. Request Response: When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. You can also apply RegEx validation for comment box question type. How does comment box question work while taking the survey? While taking the survey, the respondent needs to simply enter text in a text area for answering a comment box question. How do I view the report for comment box question? To view the report for comment box question: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. Under Text Analysis, click on Text Report. Here, you will see the text entered by the respondents for comment box question. You can also share the report link. By clicking on Options drop-down you can download, print/email this report. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Matrix multi-point scales question type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/matrix-multipoint-scale-question.html
Summary: Matrix multi-point scales

Matrix multi-point scales The Matrix multi-point scale question is a closed-ended question that asks respondents to respond to one or more row items using the same set of column answer choices. In the single select matrix, radio buttons are used enabling the user to select only one option for each row. How do I add multi-point scales questions? To add multi-point scales questions: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on the add question button. Under basic question types » basic matrix, click on Multi-point scales question. Multi-point scales question will appear as follows: Add row/add column/add NA option: In matrix question, we can add multiple rows and columns using add row/add column feature. You can also add not applicable (NA) option. Edit rows in bulk: This option helps to add row choices in bulk. We can copy and paste the list of answer options directly in this field. Edit columns in bulk: This option helps to add Column choices in bulk. We can copy and paste the list of answer options directly in this field. You can also enable not applicable option from this field. Validation: By default, validation option is turned off. Respondents can skip and move ahead in the survey without answering the question. You can enable validation if you don't want to allow respondents to skip this question. By enabling validation option you can see a drop-down with options - force response and request response. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the above image. The respondents cannot finish survey without answering a mandatory question. When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. Validation on rows and columns: You can set validation for rows, columns or both rows as well as columns. This will make it mandatory for the respondent to answer each row/column in the matrix question. Validation messages: You can now set a customized validation message as well. How do I view the report of multi-point scales question? To view the report for matrix multi-select question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. You can view the matrix multi-select question in the form of spider-chart: In the spider-chart shown above, you can see score (mean) for each question/row and percentage (%) of the score. Score: This is the mean value calculated for the responses of each question (row) under matrix questions. Percentage (%): This is the percentage calculated for the score of each question. Formula: Percentage = Score/No. of options * 100. For example, the score for Adidas is 4.31 and no. of options are 5. Hence, the percentage for Adidas is 86.25% (4.31/5 * 100). Since matrix multi-point scales question is a group of individual single-select questions, individual reports for each row are also displayed below the spider-chart. For example, the report for Adidas is displayed as follows: Similarly, reports for the remaining options are also displayed. You can also download the report in Excel or CSV format from the dashboard. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Rank order question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/rank-order-question.html
Summary:  Rank Order 

Rank order Rank order question: The Rank Order question type allows you to evaluate a set of brands or products based on a specific attribute or characteristic. For example, Toyota, Honda, Mazda and Ford brands are the most likely to be purchased, and you want options to be sorted and ranked based on a specific attribute. Ties between responses can be enabled if desired, however, if you allow ties between different answers, they could get the same score in response. Example: Based on what you have seen, heard and experienced, please order the following brands according to their degree of confidence. Enter a "1" on one side of the most reliable brand, a "2" on one side of the next most reliable brand, and so on with the other brands. Remember that two cars can not have the same rating. Honda Toyota Mazda Ford Adding a Rank order question in the survey To add a Rank order question, go to: Edit » Workspace Click on the Add Question button. Now you will see various options, under Basic » Click on Ordering » Rank Order Add Option: Use this option to add more answer choices in the answer field. Add Other: Use this option to add other answer choice in the answer field. Enable the Dynamic comment to get the details of the other answer option. Add/Edit Answers in Bulk: This option helps to add answer choices in bulk. We can copy and paste the list of answer options directly in this field. Validation: When we added a question in the survey, by default, the validation option is turned off. That means respondents can continue with the survey without answering this question and response is still considered as a complete response. You can enable validation to make an answer to this question required so that respondent can continue only after answering this question. There are two types of validation, Force response and Request response. Request Response: This option will remind respondents to answer a question. It means you did not force respondent to answer this question, the respondent can skip answering this question. Force Response: As the name suggests this option forces respondent to answer this question before they can proceed to the next page. If the respondent tries to proceed without answering the question, they will see an appropriate validation message. You can configure force response as per your requirements, For example, Select at least 2 answers out of 5 etc. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Smiley-rating question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/smiley-rating.html
Summary: Smiley Rating Scale

Smiley Rating Question Using images is an easy way of responding sentiments as visual content appeals to the human mind more than mere text. The smiley-rating question allows you to capture respondents’ sentiments towards your products or services in the form of smiley images. Here is an example survey with different smiley rating scales. Click here for a smiley rating scale example survey. How do I set up a smiley-rating question? To add a smiley-rating question: Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the Add Question button. Under basic question types » graphical rating, click on Smiley - Rating question. Can I change the smileys? Yes, you can either choose from our professionally designed smiley sets or upload your own custom smiley sets. For the smiley question, click on the Change Smileys link. On the popup, you can select from our standard sets and save. Or you can upload your own smiley sets to use. Click on the plus to upload your own smileys for each rating. Even if you wish to use a 2, 3, or a 4 point smiley scale, please upload all 5 smileys to complete the set. Once you have uploaded all the 5 smileys, your custom set is now available to use. Click on the set and you can either Save or Set as Default and Save Can I change the smileys colors? You can change the smileys colors by Going to: Login » Edit » Workspace. For the smiley question, click on the Change Colors link. On the popup, you can click on the smiley and use the color picker to change the color or enter a HEX code. What does the set as default option do? If you have uploaded a custom set to match with your brand or you wish to use any of our standard smiley set across your surveys, you can set it as a default set. Once you have set the set as default, the default set will be used every time you add a smiley question. Can I share my custom smileys with my organization? Yes, all custom smileys are stored on the organization level. These custom smiley sets are available to use across your organization for all accounts. Can I change the scale of a smiley rating question? Yes, by default, a 5 point rating scale is used for smiley rating question. To change the scale, Click on the Settings link for the smiley question. Under settings, you can choose between a 2 point, 3 point, 4 point or a 5 point scale using the '-' or '+' buttons. You can also flip the scale from either a Negative to Positive or Positive to Negative rating scale. The above changes will be automatically applied to smiley-rating question. Can I hide the answer text for smiley options? Yes. By default, the toggle switch for display smiley text is enabled. Disable the toggle off for display smiley text and the text will not be displayed to respondents. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Choice modelling questions
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/choice-based-conjoint-study.html
Summary: Choice Based Conjoint Study - Discrete Choice

Choice Based Conjoint Study - Discrete Choice Conjoint Analysis: Conjoint Analysis is one of the most effective methods for translating consumer behavior into empirical and quantitative measurements. It evaluates products and services in a way no other method can. Traditional rating surveys and analyses are unable to assign importance or value to the different attributes that make up a product or service. Conjoint Analysis helps respondents translate their preferences into quantitative measurements. One of the key strengths of Conjoint Analysis is its ability to develop market simulation models that predict consumer responses to product changes. With Conjoint Analysis, changes in products or markets can be incorporated into simulations to predict how consumers may react. Choice Based Conjoint - Discrete Choice Choice-based, or Discrete Choice Conjoint, is the most commonly used model for conjoint questionnaires. This is primarily because it closely reflects real-world consumer behavior. Most purchasing decisions today involve trade-offs. Would you choose a $150 ticket with two stops and no reward miles, or a $200 ticket with no stops and 4,000 miles? What are the Attributes and Levels? Any product or service can be modeled as an entity with a set of attributes. For example, an airline ticket between Seattle and Miami may have the following attributes: Price Airline Stops Each of the attributes may have one or more levels. A level can be defined as any value the attribute can take. In the examples above, the attributes can have the following levels: Price Airline Stops $100 Delta None $150 Northwest 1 $150 AA 2 Each level is assumed to be mutually exclusive. Levels should be clearly defined and unambiguous. For example - "Very Expensive" vs. "Cost of $500" Preparing for the Online Questionnaire Here are some simple steps to help you prepare before beginning your online conjoint survey. Attributes: Define the attributes for your market segment. For most studies, try to keep the number of attributes below five. If you have a large number of attributes, try aggregating and combining these attributes into meaningful composite attributes. Levels: Define at least two levels for each of the attributes. Try to stick to a maximum of four or five levels per attribute. Minimal Respondent Base: Try to figure out if your respondent base is homogeneous. Are you interested in the interaction of the conjoint data between different demographics? For example, are you trying to figure out if Males place a higher value on miles than females in buying an airline ticket? In such a case, your minimum respondent base would be half of all participants (assuming equal distribution of males and females.) Minimal Choice Count for statistical validity: Try to come up with a minimum number of times a Level should be shown to the respondents to make a statistically valid sampling. For most conjoint studies, a minimum choice count of 100 to 150 provides reliable results. What this number represents is that all attribute levels should be presented at least 100 to 150 times to make the results of the study statistically significant. You do not need to come up with both the Minimal Respondent Base and Minimal Choice Count. If you have one, the Concept Simulator can determine the other. More details about the Concept Simulator are provided below. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Conclusion The goal of any conjoint survey is to assign specific values to the range of options buyers consider when making a purchase decision. Armed with this knowledge, marketers can focus on the most important features of products or services and design messages most likely to strike a chord with target buyers. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Side-By-Side matrix question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/side-by-side-matrix-question-type.html
Summary: Side-By-Side Matrix 

Side-By-Side Matrix What is Side-By-Side Matrix question type? A matrix question allows you to collect data for a single dimension, whereas a Side-by-Side matrix lets you collect data in two or more dimensions. Each column has sub-columns that collect choices, opinions, and feedback from the respondents. For each answer item in rows, a respondent needs to select one of the options in sub-columns. Click to download video How to add a Side-By-Side Matrix question type? Go to: Login >> Surveys >> Edit >>Workspace >> Add Question >> Advanced >> Advanced Matrix >> Side-By-Side Add Row/Add Column/Add Dimension: In a matrix question, we can add multiple rows and columns using add row/add column feature. You can also add dimension from this field. What is the scale definition? The scale definition is the number of points (and the text for each of the points) you want in the scale. In the above example, we are using a 5-point rating scale. Can I change the "Structure" of the question once it's created (add/remove scales etc.)? At this point, QuestionPro does not allow for editing the structure of the question. You'll have to delete the question and re-create the question if you want to change the structure. You can however, edit the text of the questions and the scales as you see fit. What type of analysis is available for this question type? QuestionPro provides integrated Gap Analysis exclusively for this question type. Can I do filtering and grouping (data segmentation) based on Side-By-Side Matrix questions? Yes. Please see the Grouping and Segmentation help below. Can I apply logic on this question? Currently, logic cannot be applied on this question, unless you use the custom scripting feature. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Presentation text questions
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/static-content-question.html
Summary: Static Content questions

Static Content questions There are three types Static Content questions: Presentation Text: Presentation text is text that can be used as messages, instructions, or headings in your survey. It can also be used to visually separate sections in your survey. The section headings can also be used in the reports to help visually identify groups of questions. Section Heading & Sub-Heading: To group the survey into sections and to enhance the look of the survey, you can add Section/Page Headers to the survey. To add Static Content questions, go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Workspace » Add Question » Basic » Static Content Note: Presentation / Heading Text question type is used only for display purposes. No user input is expected. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Multiple choice: select one
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multiple-choice-select-one.html
Summary: A close-ended question allows respondents to select one answer from given options. Learn to add multiple-choice - select one question type in your surveys.

Multiple Choice: Select One Multiple Choice Select One question type allows you to ask the respondents to select only one answer from the predefined set of answer options. How do I add a multiple choice select one question in the survey? To add a multiple choice select one question, go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on the Add Question button. Now you will see the following types of questions - Basic, Advanced, and Question Library. Under Basic Question type, click on Multiple Choice » Select One Add option: Click on the + icon and select "Option" to add answer choices. Add other: this option allows you to add 'other' as an answer choice in the list. If add other is selected then the respondent has a choice to enter his/her own answer option. Bulk Edit: This option helps to edit answer options in bulk. We can copy and paste the list of answer options directly in this field. You can also enable other option to add 'Other' as an answer option in the list. Validation: When you add questions to a survey, by default, validation option is turned off. When validation option is not enabled, respondents can continue with the survey without selecting answers. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the response is still considered as complete. You can enable validation option to make a question required so that respondents can continue with the survey only after responding to the questions. Request Response: When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. Force Response: By selecting the validation option you can see a popup with the following options: None, Force Response and Request Response. By default the "None" option is selected. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the image below. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Multiple choice: select many
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multiple-choice-select-many.html
Summary: Learn how to add multiple-choice select many question types in the survey. Allow respondents to select multiple answers from the given set of answer options.

Multiple-choice select many The multiple-choice select many question type allows you to ask the respondents to select multiple answers from the predefined set of answer options. How do I add a multiple-choice select many question type in the survey? To add a multiple-choice select many question: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click the blue add question button. Under Basic Question type, click on Multiple Choice » Select Many A multiple-choice select many question will appear on your survey. Add option: Click on the + icon and select "Option" to add answer choices. Add other: this option allows you to add 'other' as an answer choice in the list. If add other is selected then the respondent has a choice to enter his/her own answer option. Edit options in bulk: This option helps to edit answer options in bulk. We can copy and paste the list of answer options directly in this field. You can also enable other option to add 'other' as an answer option in the list. What types of validation can I apply to multiple choice select many question? Validation: When you add questions to a survey, by default, validation option is turned off. When validation option is not enabled, respondents can continue with the survey without selecting answers. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the response is still considered as complete. You can enable validation option to make a question required so that respondents can continue with the survey only after responding to the questions. Request Response: When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. Force Response: By selecting the validation option you can see a popup with the following options: None, Force Response and Request Response. By default the "None" option is selected. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the image below. Select at most/exactly/at least: You can put validation on the number of choices which a respondent must select before proceeding to the next question. For example, if you want the respondent to select maximum 2 answer options then choose select at most from the drop-down and set the value as 2. How do I view multiple choice select many question report? Multiple choice select many question report shows the responses received for each option. This can be viewed in the dashboard report in the form of charts (column, pie, bar and line). To view the report on dashboard: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. You can see the report for multiple choice select many question as follows: You can change the chart type as per your need from the drop-down shown above. You can also view the report in Excel or CSV format by downloading the raw data from dashboard. In the above raw data (CSV format), the question in the red box is a multiple choice select many question. The responses for each option can be seen below this question. The cells with "1" indicate the selected options and the "blank" cells indicate that the options which were not selected. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Contact information question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/open-ended-contact-information.html
Summary: Contact information (open ended text)

Contact information (open-ended text) The contact information question type is a formatted group of textboxes collecting contact information from the respondents in a consolidated form. You can choose from various details that you require, such as name, mailing address, phone number, and email address. How do I add a contact information question? To add a contact information question: Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the Add Question button. Under Basic question types, select the Contact Information question. The contact information question will be added with the following form fields by default: First name Last name Phone number Email address Mailing address fields are disabled and can be enabled under Settings. You can add additional fields by clicking on the Add Custom Field link. Validation: By default, the validation option is turned off. Respondents can skip and move ahead in the survey without answering the question. You can enable validation if you don't want to allow respondents to skip this question. By enabling the validation option, you can see options such as force response and request response. The Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the above image. The respondents cannot finish the survey without answering a mandatory question. When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue the survey without answering. How do I add or remove form fields of contact information question? Consider that you also want to ask for the respondent's mailing address. Go to Settings, under form fields switch on the toggle for mailing address. The following form fields will be added to the contact information question: Address line 1 Address line 2 City State Zip You can also remove any of the above mentioned form fields (e.g. address line 2) by switching off their respective toggles. What are the types of phone number formats supported by QuestionPro? For phone numbers, QuestionPro supports four types of formats: United States / Canada International India mobile United Kingdom You can also change the default country under phone number format. To change the default country: Click on the phone number drop-down and select format as shown in the above image. Under format, the default country is United States/Canada. Click on the format drop-down to view the list of countries and select your country. How does contact information question appear while taking the survey? The contact information question appears as follows while taking the survey: How do I view the reports for contact information? To view the report for contact information question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. The report of the contact information question is shown below: The information entered by the respondents can be seen in the third column. You can also download the raw data in Excel or CSV format. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Matrix multi-select question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/matrix-checkbox-multiselect-question.html
Summary: Matrix multi-select question

Matrix multi-select question The matrix multi-select question allows respondents to choose multiple answer options for each row in the matrix table. You can a use matrix multi-select question to group various individual multi-select questions that share the same answer options. How do I add matrix multi-select questions? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on the Add Question button. Under Basic question types » Basic Matrix, click on the Multi-select question. Matrix multi-select question appears. Add row/add column/add NA option: In a matrix question, we can add multiple rows and columns using add row/add column feature. You can also add the NA (not applicable) option. Edit rows in bulk: This option helps to add row choices in bulk. We can copy and paste the list of answer options directly into this field. Edit columns in bulk: This option helps to add column choices in bulk. We can copy and paste the list of answer options directly in this field. You can also enable the NA option from this field. Validation: When you add questions to a survey, by default, validation option is turned off. When validation option is not enabled, respondents can continue with the survey without selecting answers. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the response is still considered as complete. You can enable validation option to make a question required so that respondents can continue with the survey only after responding to the questions. Force Response: By selecting the validation option you can see a popup with the following options: None, Force Response and Request Response. By default the "None" option is selected. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the image above. Request Response: When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. Custom validation messages: You can now set a customized validation message as well. How do I view the report for matrix multi-select question? To view the report for matrix multi-select question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. You can view the matrix multi-select question in the form of spider-chart: In the spider-chart shown above, you can see score (mean) for each question/row and percentage (%) of the score. Score: This is the mean value calculated for the responses of each question (row) under matrix questions. Percentage (%): This is the percentage calculated for the score of each question. Formula: Percentage = Score/No. of options * 100. For example, the score for Adidas is 4.2 and no. of options are 5. Hence, the percentage for Adidas is 84% (4.2/5 * 100). Since matrix multi-select question is a group of individual multi-select questions, individual reports for each row are also displayed below the spider-chart. For example, the report for Adidas is displayed as follows: Similarly, the reports for Alpine Swiss and Calvin Klein are also displayed. You can download the report in Excel or CSV format from the dashboard. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Matrix spreadsheet question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/martix-spreadsheet-question.html
Summary: Matrix spreadsheet question

Matrix spreadsheet question A matrix spreadsheet question is a group of open-ended text box questions under a specifically defined set of rows and columns. It is a matrix table-like question with the ability to give text inputs instead of radio buttons or check boxex selections. Click to download video How do I add a matrix spreadsheet type question? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on the Add Question button. Under Basic question types, from the Basic Matrix group, select the Spreadsheet question. The matrix spreadsheet question will be added to your survey. You can now add your question text, rows, columns, etc. Respondents can now answer this question by entering data in each field. What are the customization options for the matrix spreadsheet question? Once you have added the spreadsheet question, you can: Add Rows Add Columns Add N/A option Edit or update rows and columns in bulk Enabled forced validation or request response validation Customize validation messages if required Under settings, you can also select and enforce numeric input for the fields What are the analytics and reporting options for the spreadsheet question? Data and exports for the spreadsheet question types are available under Analytics. Spreadsheet question data is not available on the dashboard of the survey. You can view the data under Analytics » Responses Enable the toggle for display questions You can also export data in raw data excel or csv format. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Closed card sorting question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/closed-card-sorting.html
Summary: Closed card sorting question

Closed card sorting question What is Closed Card Sorting question type? Card sorting question is a highly interactive question that allows your respondents to sort items into categories. The respondents can sort items by dragging and dropping them into respective categories. The items are ranked based on the order of preference. For example, if you want your respondents to categorize a list of hollywood movies into comedy, horror and action: The Conjuring Due Date Terminator: Dark Fate Annabelle Hangover Avengers: Endgame The respondents need to drag each and drop into the respective category. Click to download video What are the types of Card sorting questions available? Card sorting question comes with two answer types - closed and open. Closed card sorting: In closed card sorting question, respondents sort the items into categories that you have defined. Open card sorting: In open card sorting question, survey respondents can define their own categories in order to sort the items. You can select the answer type based on your survey needs. How do I add closed card sorting question to my survey? To add card sorting question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the add question button. Under advanced question types » ordering, click on card sorting question. Card sorting question will appear. Click on settings. Under section answer type, select closed. You can set the answer display order from the drop-down options Default Ascending Descending Random (with the option to apply a specific number of randomization to overall answer options) Advanced randomization Add option: Click here to add answer options. Add category: Click here to add categories. Edit options in bulk: You can add options in bulk. Edit categories in bulk: You can use this option to add long list of categories. Validation: When you add questions to a survey, by default, validation option is turned off. When validation option is not enabled, respondents can continue with the survey without selecting answers. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the response is still considered as complete. By enabling validation option you can see a drop-down with options - force response and request response. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the above image. When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. How does closed card sorting question type work? Closed card sorting: Here, the respondents need to drag the options from the left-hand side box to the respective categories on the right-hand side. For example, "The Conjuring" will go into "horror" category and "Hangover" will go into "comedy". What are the types of validations available for the closed card sorting question? Following are the validations available for the closed card sorting question: Categorize Description: This option will allow the user to set Exactly, At Least or At Most (N out of M) number of cards the respondent will have to sort or categorize while answering the question. Each Category Contains Description: This option will allow the user to set Exactly, At Least or At Most (N out of M) number of cards the respondent will have to put in each category while answering the question. Custom Category Validation Description: This option will allow the respondent to set a customized validation for each category. Following are the steps to set custom category validation for a closed card sorting question: Select the Custom Category Validation option from the drop-down menu. Click on Set Category Custom Validation link. Select Exactly, At Least or At Most (N out of M) number of cards for each category. Click on the Save Changes button. How do I view the report for card sorting question? To view the report for card sorting question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. Here, you can see the items sorted into given categories - comedy, horror and action . You can see the count and percentage of responses received for each item and its average ranking. Additionally, you can click on ‘Select Chart’ option and choose a view from any of the below mentioned charts: Clustered Bar Chart Clustered Column Chart Stacked Bar Chart Stacker Column Chart Below mentioned is a Stacker Bar Chart for your reference: Can I download the Card Sorting data in any format? Yes. With QuestionPro, you can download the data in Excel format by clicking on ‘Download’ button as shown below: Using open card sorting and close card sorting with QuestionPro <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Flex Matrix
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/flex-matrix.html
Summary: Complex Grid | Flex Matrix - How To?

Complex Grid | Flex Matrix - How To? Complex Grid | Flex Matrix questions combine multiple related sub-questions, topics, or statements to encourage participants to focus on one topic or area at a time. It offers a wide range of options for combining multiple question types. Click to download video How do I add a Complex Grid | Flex Matrix type question? To add a Complex Grid | Flex Matrix question: Go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Workspace » Add Question Select Advanced in the question type. From the Advanced Matrix option, select the Complex Grid | Flex-Matrix to add the question. Click on the question header to change the question text Click on Add Row to add multiple rows. Click on the Add Column dropdown to add multiple column dimensions. What are the different dimension types/columns that can be added? Rating Scale Drop Down Menu Vertical Attribute Choice Vertical Attribute (Multi-Select Checkbox) Numeric Text Input Comment Box Interactive Slider (Horizontal) Rank Order Can I edit the Flex Matrix question once it's created? At this point, QuestionPro does not allow for editing the structure of the Flex Matrix question. You will have to delete the question and re-create it if you want to change the structure. Due to the complexity of this question, a number of options are unavailable, including Logic and Page Breaks. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Text Slider Question Type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-slider-question.html
Summary: Text Slider

Text Slider Interactive Slider Rating Scales give researchers the opportunity to produce question and answer styles that incorporate a greater breadth of answers, as well as to enable animation and interactivity. How to add a text slider question? Link Copied To add a text slider question to your survey: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on Add Question button. From Basic question types, select the Text Slider question under Graphical Rating category. The added question will appear in your survey. Once the question is added, you can add rows, columns, and control other settings. Can I adjust the slider start position? Link Copied Yes. Depending on your rating scales or your requirement, you can select the slider start position. For example, if you wish to start the slider at the neutral position on a rating scale, click on the question settings and select the Slider position from Slider Start Position. This setting will only change the slider start position. No input will be recorded by default. If you wish to register an input by default, you can use the Default Selected option. Following is the survey experience: License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Graphical Rating Scales
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/smiley-thumbs-question-type.html
Summary: Graphical Rating Question Types setup? | Smiley question | Thumbs Up/Down

Graphical Rating Question Types setup? | Smiley question | Thumbs Up/Down QuestionPro provides various graphical rating questions. Radio buttons may get boring and to make your surveys fun and easier to interact with, you can use our graphical rating questions. Following are some graphical scales that we offer: Star-rating: It has a 5-star rating for each answer option. Thumbs up/down: It is a multiple-choice question with thumbs up/down for positive or negative rating. Smiley Rating: It is a multiple-choice rating question with input as smileys Text slider: It allows respondents to slide a pointer over textual answer options. Numeric slider: It allows respondents to slide a pointer over numerical answer options. How can I set up the Smiley Type question? Go to Survey >> Edit >> Workspace >> Add Question >> Graphical Rating For Thumbs Up / Down For Smiley Rating: Validation: When you add questions to a survey, by default, validation option is turned off. When validation option is not enabled, respondents can continue with the survey without selecting answers. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the response is still considered as complete. You can enable validation option to make a question required so that respondents can continue with the survey only after responding to the questions. Request Response: When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. Force Response: By selecting the validation option you can see a popup with the following options: None, Force Response and Request Response. By default the "None" option is selected. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the image below. I need to edit the Smiley Rating Answer Options from 5 scales to 3. How can I do it? The Smiley Rating Answer Options have by default 5 scale options and you can change it from the question settings under the Answer Scale. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Rank Order - Drag and Drop
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/drag-and-drop-question-type.html
Summary: Rank Order using drag and drop interface

Rank Order - Drag and Drop interface The drag and drop question type allows respondents to rank a list of items by dragging and dropping each item in preferential order from first to last preference. It is used as an interactive way to rank order the list of items. The drag and drop questions also support the usage of images in answer options. How do I add a drag and drop question? To add a drag and drop question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the 'Add Question' button. Under basic question types » ordering, click on Drag and Drop. This is how the question will appear while creating the survey. Add option: Hover over the '+' icon to add more options Edit options in bulk: This option helps to add answer options in bulk. You can copy and paste the list of answer options directly in this field. Validation: When you add questions to a survey, by default, validation is turned off. When validation is not enabled, respondents can continue with the survey without selecting answers. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the survey is still considered complete. By enabling validation option you can see a drop-down with options - force response and request response. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the above image. When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue the survey without answering. Select at most/exactly/at least: You can put validation on number of choices which a respondent must select before proceeding to the next question. For example, if you want the respondent to select maximum 2 answer options then choose select at most from the drop down and set the value as 2. How does drag and drop question work? Drag and drop questions have been designed in such a way that the respondents can drag the items listed in the left-hand column and drop them into right-hand column one-by-one to rank each item in a preferential order. What type of reports do I get for the drag and drop question? Summary report for the choices All downloadable reports include the drag and drop question statistics Individual response in the response viewer License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Bipolar Matrix - Slider
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/bipolar-matrix-slider-question.html
Summary: Bipolar Matrix Slider Input

Bipolar Matrix - Slider A bipolar matrix question arranges the rating scale between negative and positive extremes. For example, you want to find out about your customers latest purchase from your fashion store. You can ask your customers for feedback asking them to rate for the characteristics that you are looking to improve. How to add a bipolar matrix question with slider scale? Link Copied Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on Add Question Select the Multi-Point Scales question type under Basic Matrix Click on Settings and turn on the switch for Bipolar Select the Answer Type as Slider Add your question text if you haven't already added and the bipolar scale ends to your rows. This is how the bipolar question will display for respondents: The bipolar slider scale will always start at the center position. How do I change the scale for the bipolar slider? Link Copied For bipolar slider, we allow 3, 5, 7, 9, 0r 11 point scales. when you switch to the bipolar slider question, by default a 5 point scale is used. You can switch between the scales using the point scale option. This option is only applicable for slider input type. For bipolar radio or other answer types, you can freely add columns. Can I change the color for the positive and negative ratings? Link Copied Yes. By default, the slider scale pointers use the survey theme color. You can change this under Settings by picking your desired colors. Please note that this will affect all bipolar questions in your survey. This is how the survey will look: How do I view the report of bipolar matrix questions? Link Copied To view the report for matrix multi-select question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard In the above image, report for bipolar matrix question is represented in the form of a graph showing percentage of responses received for each option. The percentage on the left-hand side shows responses received for the options in the left rows with reference to the respective columns. Similarly, the percentage on the right-hand side shows responses received for the options in the right rows. For example, count for "itchy" with reference to column "-2" is (28%). The reports for individual rows are also displayed where you can see the count, total count and percentage. Count: Number of responses received for each combination of row and column ("-2" and "itchy"). Percentage: This is the percentage calculated for the count for that row out of the total responses received.Formula: Percentage = Count/Total count * 100. For example, count for "-2" and "itchy" is 14, total count received for that row is 50. Hence, the percentage is 28% (14/50 * 100). License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Bipolar Matrix Likert Scale
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/bipolar-likert-scale.html
Summary: Bipolar and Likert matrix questions

Bipolar and Likert matrix questions Matrix questions overview A matrix table can be used when asking about the same set of characteristics for multiple items, such as how often a respondent uses a set of products. The questions are arranged in a table or a grid to consolidate the information for the respondent. There are two types of matrix - Likert and Bipolar. Each type has unique options and a unique format. Matrix types Likert The Likert variation displays a list of statements (rows) and scale points (columns) in a table format. Question options can be single answer, multiple answer, drop-down list or drag and drop. Bipolar A bipolar matrix table displays two extremes of a scale set by the survey admin. Respondents select a point between the two. Those points can also be labeled. How to set up a bipolar matrix question? After selecting the multi-point scale matrix question, click on Settings in the question. Under Settings turn on the toggle for the bipolar. Click on Edit columns in bulk. You can enter your own scale or select from scale library. Click on Edit rows in bulk. Enter options in the rows. How do I view the report of bipolar matrix questions? To view the report for a matrix multi-select question: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. In the above image, report for bipolar matrix question is represented in the form of a graph showing percentage of responses received for each option. The percentage on the left-hand side shows responses received for the options in the left rows with reference to the respective columns. Similarly, the percentage on the right-hand side shows responses received for the options in the right rows. For example, count for "itchy" with reference to column "very much" is 4 (36.36%). The reports for individual rows are also displayed where you can see the count, total count and percentage. Count: Number of responses received for each combination of row and column ("very much" and "itchy"). Percentage: This is the percentage calculated for the count for that row out of the total responses received. Formula: Percentage = Count/Total count * 100. For example, count for "very much" and "itchy" is 4, total count received for that row is 11. Hence, the percentage is 36.36% (4/11 * 100). License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Communities Customer Experience Employee Experience University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Gabor Granger
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/gabor-granger.html
Summary: Gabor-Granger

Gabor-Granger Pricing Method What is Gabor-Granger pricing technique? The Gabor-Granger pricing technique is defined as a pricing question used in survey research to determine the price elasticity of products and services. Determining the price for a product or service is an essential step and one of the most important decisions for any organization. As companies need to cover their costs, it is important to price an item high enough to cover expenses, but not so high that customers won’t be willing to pay for the product. Finding your customers’ willingness to pay for services or products is considered the main reason for market research. What value do your consumers put for your product is the main question that needs to be answered. A common method to understand this is to expose people to a price and then ask if people would buy it or not—a technique commonly known as Gabor-Granger. Click to download video How do I setup Gabor-Granger question type? To add Gabor-Granger question: Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on Add Question button Under Advanced question types » pricing analysis, click on Gabor-Granger question What are the different Price Setup options? We support two types of Price Setup: Manual: You can define the price range by manually providing all the price points. Automatic: You can set the price range just be providing the minimum price, the price interval and the number of steps/levels. The maximum price will be auto calculated with the given inputs. What is starting price point? Starting price point is price which is shown to respondent for the first time and user will be asked if he/she is willing to buy a product at shown price. Suppose the respondent is willing to buy the product at that price, then the product is shown again, but this time with a higher price from the predetermined price list. If the respondent is not willing to get the merchandise at the primary price shown, the merchandise is shown again with a lower cost from the predetermined list. This pattern is iterated multiple times until the highest price point a respondent is willing to pay, is determined. The median price point from the predetermined price list will be set as the starting price point. Survey creator can change it based on the requirement. What price paths do you support? We have 2 price paths: Sequential: Sequential price path will show subsequents prices to the respondent in the sequential order. It can be increasing price or decreasing price based on the respondent selection for the starting price point. Random: In case of random once the respondent answers primary question for starting price the subsequent price shown will be random. The AIA based algorithm decides if to show user decreasing price points in random or increasing price points in random will be decided by the engine based on the respondent seletion. How do I analyse the output for Gabor-Granger question? We provide 2 charts in the dashboard: Willingness to pay(%) and Revenue curve: This chart will provide a simulated demand curve that helps us understand how the demand for the product changes with the price increase. The revenue curve allows us to identify the revenue-maximizing price points. Combining these two charts helps us decide an ideal price point that is high enough to cover expenses and maximize the revenue, but not so high that the product's demand declines. Price Elasticity: This chart helps us understand customers' willingness to pay for the product at different price points. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Verified Digital Signature
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/verified-digital-signature.html
Summary: Verified Signature

Verified Signature - Question Type QuestionPro verified signature question type is built in accordance to guidance for Part 11, Electronic Records; Electronic Signatures by the U.S. FDA. QuestionPro is compliant with 21 CFR Part 11. Title 21 CFR Part 11 is the part of Title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations that establishes the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations on electronic records and electronic signatures (ERES). Part 11, as it is commonly called, defines the criteria under which electronic records and electronic signatures are considered trustworthy, reliable, and equivalent to paper records (Title 21 CFR Part 11 Section 11.1 (a)). With QuestionPro verified signature question type, the authencity of the respondent is verified by confirming a 4 digit code sent to the respondents email address. Once signed electronically, a response is considered reliable, and equivalent to paper records. A copy of the response is also emailed to the respondent. Click to download video How to add verified signature question? To add a verified signature question, go to: Login » Surveys » Edit Click on Add Question button, and select the Advanced question types menu. Click on Verified Signature question to add. Verified signature question will be added to your survey. You can send a PDF copy of the response to respondents by enabling the toggle for Respondent Notification under Settings How does it work when submitting a response? Respondents will be asked to enter their full name and email address. A verification code will be sent to the email address for verification. Respondents have to enter the verfication code. Once verfied, respondents can type in the signature in the box and also check the agreement check box. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Star Rating Question Type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/star-rating-question-type.html
Summary: Star Rating Question Type

Star Rating Question Type A star rating question is a type of rating question that allows users to rank attributes on a 5-point scale represented with stars. It is a 5-point matrix question, but instead of radio buttons or checkboxes, stars are used to represent it. What are the benefits of using Star Rating? Star Rating gives researchers the opportunity to produce question and answer styles that incorporate a greater breadth of answers, as well as enable animation and interactivity. How can I set up Star Rating question type? Go to: Login » Select Survey » Edit Under the Workspace area, click on the Add Question button. From Basic question types, select the Star Rating question type under the Graphical Rating question types. A Star Rating question will be added to your survey. You can add your question text and answer options. Can I change the colors for the stars? Yes, you can change the default color as well as the selected color for the stars. You can also change the font size if you want bigger or smaller stars. Click on Settings to open all controls. Under Settings, you can select the required colors as well as change the font size for the stars. Can I edit the number of stars for this question? You cannot edit the number of stars for this question. The question is a 5-star question per the standard used in star rating scales. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Video Insights
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/video-insights.html
Summary: Gather insights through video

Video Insights Video insights with interactive videos can be more engaging than traditional survey questions, as respondents can interact with the content and feel more involved in the survey process. Further, it can provide a more comprehensive understanding of respondents' opinions also as they can respond to questions and provide feedback in real-time. Interactive videos can be a time-saving solution for surveys, as they can provide a more efficient way for respondents to provide feedback. Interactive video insights can be used in a variety of survey research contexts, from market research to employee engagement to customer experience. How do I setup video insights block? To add a video insights block : Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on add video insights How do I add questions inside video insights block? To add questions inside insights video block: Click on add add question Click on add type of question to be added How do I set timings for questions inside video insights block? To set up questions inside insights video block: Go to top of video insights block Check slider position for questions on video time-line Move question slider on video time-line according to time you want question to be displayed on respondent experience Which question types are supported in video insights: Following question types are presently supported in the video insights - Unichoice questions License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## TubePulse
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/tubepulse-video-rating.html
Summary: TubePulse™

TubePulse™ video rating TubePulse™ video rating is an interactive question which allows your survey respondents to provide continuous feedback while watching a video, by dragging a slider along with a rating scale (e.g. bad, good, excellent). The respondents can react to the video at any point while it is playing, by moving a slider. Each interaction with the slider is recorded along with time stamp for reports. You can also allow respondents to add comments by using cue-point as the data collection method. How do I add TubePulse™ video rating question? To add TubePulse™ question: Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on Add Question button. Under Advanced Question Types » Image / Multimedia, click on TubePulse™. TubePulse™ question will appear in the survey edit page. By default, the media type is video. Under Settings, you can set the data collection method as per your need. You can set the data collection method as slider to collect only ratings from the respondent. You can also set the data collection method as cue-point if you want the respondents to add comments along with their rating. To add video, go to Video Settings and select either YouTube or select a video from media library. If you want to add a YouTube video, then simply copy the YouTube video URL and paste it in the red box as shown in the below image. If you want to add a video from media library, select "use library video" and click on "upload/select video". Select a video from the media library pop-up or you can upload a new video. Validation: By default, the validation option is turned off. Respondents can skip and move ahead in the survey without answering the question. You can enable validation if you don't want to allow respondents to skip this question. By enabling validation option you can see the following options - Force response and Request response. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the image below. The respondents cannot finish survey without answering a mandatory question. Time in seconds: This validation ensures a specific duration (in seconds) for which the video will be played mandatorily while respondent is taking the survey. You can specify the duration in seconds. For e.g., if you add duration 20 seconds, the respondent will be forced to see the video for 20 seconds and once the video crosses the limit mark of 20 seconds, the respondent will see the "next" button to move ahead in the survey. The "next" button will be hidden for the time duration set. When you select Request Response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. How does TubePulse™ question work? When the TubePulse™ question appears while taking survey, the respondents need to play the video. As the video starts playing they have to move the slider to rate the video at any point. If you have enabled debug mode, the respondents will see the time stamp (shown in red box) along with the corresponding rating given by them. How do I view the report of TubePulse™ question? To view the report of TubePulse™ question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. Click on Analysis drop-down and select TubePulse™. The report of TubePulse™ question as shown below: TubePulse™ report is represented as a Spline Chart in conjunction with the video. The spline chart represents the average sentiment across all respondents (y-axis) for each second of the video (x-axis). You can also print the chart in the following formats: PNG image JPEG image PDF document SVG vector image You can also apply data filters by clicking on Grouping drop-down. How can I export raw data for TubePulse question? Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Analytics Under the Analysis menu, select TubePulse Click on the Export Data button. Select the question and preferred time scale and download data. Following are the time scale options: Default: Raw data columns will only display the time scale for when rating was changed. Every Second: Raw data columns will display data for every second. Use this option for videos shorter than 5 mins. Every 2 Seconds: Raw data columns will display data for every 2 seconds. Use this option for longer videos. Every 5 Seconds: Raw data columns will display data for every 5 seconds. Use this option for videos longer than 10 mins. Time scale customization for export is not available with cue-point data collection model currently. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Open Card Sorting
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/open-card-sorting.html
Summary: Open card sorting

Open card sorting What is Open Card Sorting question type? Card sorting question is a highly interactive question that allows your respondents to sort items into categories. The respondents can sort items by dragging and dropping them into respective categories. The items are ranked based on the order of preference. For example, if you want your respondents to categorize a list of Hollywood movies: The Conjuring Due Date Terminator: Dark Fate Annabelle Hangover Avengers: Endgame The respondents need to define their categories then drag and drop each option into their respective categories. Click to download video What are the types of Card sorting questions available? Card sorting question comes with two answer types - closed and open. Closed card sorting: In closed card sorting question, a survey designer has to define the categories. Open card sorting: In open card sorting question, survey respondents can define their categories. You can select the answer type based on your survey needs. How do I add open card sorting question to my survey? To add open card sorting question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on add question button. Under advanced question types » ordering, click on card sorting question. Card sorting question will appear. Click on settings. Under section answer type, select open. You can set the answer display order from the drop-down options: Default Ascending Descending Random (with the option to apply a specific number of randomization to overall answer options) Advanced randomization Add option: Click here to add answer options. Edit options in bulk: You can add options in bulk. Validation: When you add questions to a survey, by default, validation option is turned off. When validation option is not enabled, respondents can continue with the survey without selecting answers. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the response is still considered as complete. By enabling validation option you can see a drop-down with options - force response and request response. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the above image. When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. How does open card sorting question type work? Open card sorting: Here, the respondents need to drag answer options one-by-one from the left-hand side box into the box "drop an item here to create a new category" on the right-hand side. A new box will be created below. Respondent have to name the category as shown in the above image. For example: Respondents need to drag "The Conjuring" into red box - "drop in item here to create a new category". Respondents have to name the new category as "horror" in the grey text box. Now, they can drag and drop horror movies from the answer options into the horror category. Similarly, respondents need to drag other movie titles into red box - "drop in item here to create a new category" if they want to create a new category and name the category as applicable. Now, they can drag and drop remaining movie titles from the answer options into their respective categories. How do I view the report for card sorting question? To view the report for card sorting question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. Here, you can see the categories created by the respondents - comedy, horror and action and their respective movies. You can see count and percentage of the responses received for each item and its average ranking. Using open card sorting and close card sorting with QuestionPro <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following licenses : Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## VideoAI
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/livecast.html
Summary: VideoAI

VideoAI What is VideoAI? VideoAI is a new question type introduced by QuestionPro that enables you to collect real-time video feedback. Using machine learning and natural language processing, VideoAI identifies underlying emotions in each video response and generates comprehensive reports with AI-driven transcript analysis. This allows you to ask follow-up questions and uncover deeper insights from the collected data. Watch this video for a step-by-step walkthrough of VideoAI in QuestionPro, explaining how video responses are captured, analyzed, and automatically summarized using AI. Your browser does not support the video tag. How do I add a VideoAI question to my survey? To add VideoAI question to your survey: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Design » Classic Layout » Save and Apply » Workspace Click on Add Question button. Under Advanced questions, select VideoAI type question. A VideoAI question will be added to your survey. You can edit the Max Response Length field to set the duration of each response. How does the VideoAI question work? When respondents take your survey, they will be prompted to record a short video response to the VideoAI question. The browser will request permission to access the respondent’s camera and microphone. Once permission is granted, respondents can record their video feedback, review it, and submit their response as part of the survey. How does the VideoAI analysis work? All VideoAI feedback videos are collected and transcripted. We then run sentiment analysis on the text transcripts and produce the reports. For VideoAI analysis, go to: Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics Click on a question to view its analysis. The VideoAI Analysis page opens, displaying two tabs: Videos and Dashboard The Videos tab contain a list of recorded response videos including AI-generated summary and transcripts for each response. The Dashboard tab provides an overview of sentiment distribution and an AI-generated summary across all recorded video responses. How does VideoAI pricing work? The cost of VideoAI is based on the number of recording minutes used from the total minutes included in your license. During the public beta, VideoAI is available at no additional cost until February 19. To learn more about future pricing, please reach out to your account manager. Can I add more than one VideoAI question in a single survey? Yes, you can insert multiple VideoAI questions in the same survey to capture video feedback at different stages or about different topics. Can I download VideoAI videos and transcripts? Yes, you can download VideoAI responses as a zip file that contains the video files along with an Excel file including the summary and full transcripts for each response. Does VideoAI have a time limit for respondent videos? Yes, The maximum video length for VideoAI is 3 minutes. Does VideoAI work with all survey modes? Currently, VideoAI is supported only in Classic mode and is not available in other modes. Can I access VideoAI in all workspaces? At this time, VideoAI public beta is available exclusively in the new workspace (Version 3). Does VideoAI support multiple languages? Yes, VideoAI supports major languages such as English, Spanish, German, French, Portuguese etc. so respondents can record video feedback in these languages and have it processed by the system. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Research Edition Communities University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Question tips
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/add-tips.html
Summary:  Adding pop-up tips

Adding pop-up tips Tips are text you can set to help guide respondents during the survey. For example, if you think you may need to clarify a term used in a question, you can use a tip to clarify the term. The tip will be provided as a Image Link/Hyperlink on the Survey. Respondents can click on the link and the Tip will open in a Popup. You can also setup Hover Text Tip using HTML. This text will be displayed near the Bottom Left Corner of the Survey when the Respondents Hover above the Help Icon/Link. NOTE: You can use HTML to format the Tips. How do I add a pop-up tip? Click on question Settings tab. Click on Question Tips option. Under Question Tips, select Image Icon or Text Hyperlink. Enter the Header and Help Text. Can I change the position of the Tips Image / Hyperlink? No. Currently the Tips will only be displayed on top of the Question. The position cannot be changed. Can I use a custom image for Tips? Yes, for the Question Tips select the Text Hyperlink option. Enter the HTML for inserting Images in the Display Hyperlink Text box. This will display an image as the Hyperlink. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Text box next to question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-box-next-to-question.html
Summary: Text box display

Text box display For the text questions, QuestionPro allows you to change the position for displaying the text box from below question to next to question. How do I change the position of text box next to the question text? When you add a text input type question, the text box is added below the question text by default. To change the position: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the Add Question button. Under the basic category, go to text and select any of the text questions (comment box, single row text and email address) click on comment box. Go to the Settings option on the text question. Settings panel will open on the right-hand side. Under Text Box Display, click on the Next To Question option. The text box will be displayed next to the question instead. Can I change the question width? Question width setting is available only when the text box display location is set to next to question. You can change the question width to control the distance of the text box from the question text. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Text question settings
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-settings.html
Summary: Open-ended text settings

Open-ended text settings Open-ended text settings help to set parameters for respondents to offer open-ended text feedback. For example, if you want people to enter an estimate of their grocery bill, you can prompt them by adding a dollar sign ‘$’ prior to the answer section. Text settings available: Move the text box next to or below the question. Add Prefix/Suffix. Set character limits. Prepopulate fields with data. To access text settings, go to Survey » Workspace » select an open-ended text question and click on the question settings. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Adding other option
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/other-option.html
Summary:  Adding the 'Other' option 

Adding the 'Other' option The 'Other' option allows respondents to provide an answer that is outside of your predetermined list of answer options with the help of a text box. You can add the 'Other' option to multiple choice single select (radio buttons), multiple choice select many (checkboxes) and lookup table questions. How do I add the 'Other' option to my survey questions? To add the 'Other' option to your survey questions: Go to: Login » Surveys » (select a survey) » Edit Hover over the + add icon. Click on Other to add the 'Other' option. The 'Other' option will be added to the answer options. How does the 'Other' option work while taking the survey? When the respondent wants to enter an answer of his own choice, they should click on the 'Other' option. A text box will appear where the respondent can enter the text. In the above example, the respondent can enter their favorite dish (e.g. Pizza) in the 'Other' text box. The 'Other' options are captured in the reports as well. How do I view the 'Other' option in reports? To view the 'Other' option in reports: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. On the dashboard you can view the graphical report of your survey questions. Go to the multiple choice question to which you added the 'Other' option as shown below. You can see a pie chart showing responses received for each answer option. The responses captured for the 'Other' option are displayed under Text Data for Other. Can I add more than one 'Other' option? No, you cannot add more than one 'Other' option. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Matrix question settings
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/matrix-settings.html
Summary: Matrix settings

Matrix settings The settings option for the three matrix question types allows you to customize the question according to how you want to change the survey-taking experience. You can use the following options for customizing matrix question: Answer type: Radio button, drop-down, text input, checkbox and slider Matrix type: Likert and bipolar Row display order: Default Random (with the option to apply a specific number of randomization to overall answer options) Advanced randomization Column display order: Column display order provides the same order options as given under row display order. Answer sorting: Default: Answer options will be displayed in the same order as set by the user. Ascending: Answer options will be sorted in ascending order alphabetically. Descending: Answer options will be sorted in descending order alphabetically. Note: Answer sorting option is only available with matrix drop-down. Alternate colors: Make it easier for respondents to see each line of answer options. Advanced options: Video and question tips. How do I change the settings of matrix question? To change the matrix settings: Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the add question button. Under basic question types » basic matrix, click on multi-point scales question type. Go to the settings option on the matrix question. Settings pane will open. Apply the required changes and close the pane. The changes will be applied automatically. How many columns and rows can I add in the Matrix question? There is no such limit on number of columns and rows you wish to add in a matrix question, but considering the survey width and the look and feel of question, it is recommended to add upto 10 columns. How do I repeat column headers after specific number of rows? When you have a lot of rows in the matrix question, the column headers can be displayed in repetition after specific no. of rows. For example, if you are adding a matrix question to compare top 20 clothing brands, then you can repeat displaying column headers again after every 10 rows. This will allow respondents to easily trace the columns from which they want to choose the answer option while scrolling down the survey on their smartphones. To repeat column headers: Go to the settings option on the matrix question. You will see option repeat column headers every below mobile rendering toggle. Set the number of rows after which you want to repeat the column headers. This option allows you to set no. of rows between from 1 to 20. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Image rating question settings
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/image-rating-settings.html
Summary: Image Rating Settings

Image rating settings With the help of the settings option, QuestionPro allows you to customize the Image Rating Question type according to how you want to change the survey-taking experience. How do I change the settings for image rating question? To change the settings for the Image Rating question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the add question button. Under Basic Question types » Image Chooser, click on image chooser (rating). Click on the settings option on the image rating question. Settings pane will open on the right-hand side. Here, you can apply the following options to customize the image rating question. Layout: This option allows you to specify the number of columns in which you want to display the images. Click on the drop-down to select an option from a predefined set of column layouts (1 to 5 columns). For example, in the above image '3 columns' layout is selected. Image size: QuestionPro provides a predefined set of image sizes for displaying images in your survey. The image sizes include - auto-size to window, small, medium, large, and custom. You can also set an image size (width and height) of your choice by selecting custom. Row display order: You can choose the order in which options are displayed in a row. Following are the row display order options: Default Random (with the option to apply a specific number of randomization to overall answer options) Advanced randomization Column display order: Column display order provides the same order options as given under row display order. The changes applied under settings will be saved automatically. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Scale options for numeric slider question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/scale-options.html
Summary: Scale options

Scale options Scale options allow you to change different settings for a numeric slider. The following options are available under scale options: Step: Step counts can be changed in multiples of any specified number. Min Value: The minimum value of the slider can be changed here. Max Value: The maximum value can be set here. Left Anchor: Use this field to label the left anchor. Right Anchor: Use this field to label the right anchor. To change the scale option: Click on the Question Settings. You will see the scale options in that menu. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Exclusive option for multiple choice questions
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multiple-choice-exclusive-option.html
Summary: Exclusive option validation for multiple choice questions

Exclusive option validation for multiple choice questions QuestionPro allows you to make an answer option exclusive ensuring that no other option can be selected. This can be used in case of multiple choice – select many (check box) questions. For example, consider that there is a question asking the respondents to select a favorite dessert with the following answer options: Sizzling brownie Molten choco lava cake Honey sweetened cherry pie Chocolate fudge cake None of the above (exclusive option) If the respondents select none of the above options then, they will not be able to select any other option accidentally. How do I make an answer option exclusive? To make an answer option exclusive: Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on add question button. Under basic question types » mulltiple choice, click on select many. Click on the drop-down arrow beside the answer option which you want to make exclusive. Select the checkbox for exclusive option. Which question types support the exclusive option? The following question types support exclusive option: Multiple choice: select many Image chooser: select many Matrix multi-select (you can make the column as an exclusive option) License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Bulk validation settings
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/bulk-update-validation.html
Summary: Validation Settings

Validation Settings You can enable validation for all questions in your survey. Go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Tools » Review Mode. You can select either all the questions or only particular questions that you require validated. Click on the Validation >> Add Forced/Request Validation. You are able to let all questions in the survey will be validated or allow for each question to be validated individually. If you want to validate a single question, then click on the Validation link on the top-right of the question. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Remove validation message
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/remove-validation-message.html
Summary: Validation Message | Remove red asterisk - how to? 

Validation Message | Remove red asterisk - how to? When questions are validated, by default, validation messages are enabled. On the survey header, the message: Questions marked with a * are required will show up. You can edit this message if desired. How can you update the validation message? Go to: Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Design Under the design tab, click on Display Settings Here, you can change validation message and settings. Validation Message setting is enabled by default. You can switch it off if you don't wish to display the message and the red asterisk by default. Validations will still work, only the messaging will be disabled. Old UI - For surveys created before September 1st, 2018: Multilingual Surveys - Validation Prompts For multilingual surveys the validation prompts can be edited to display in the selected language. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Page breaks in survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/page-breaks.html
Summary: Page breaks

Page breaks You can use the page break tag after any question at multiple points in the survey so that the question flow can be bucketed in the format that you want. How can you set up a page break? You can access this feature in the Edit Survey Tab. To access this tab, click on: Surveys » Edit The Page Break feature is available for every Question. At any point in the survey you can insert a Page Break. To insert a page break please click on the Page Break toggle link provided for the question on the Edit Survey page. The page break will be inserted after this question and the rest of the questions will show up on the next page. Under the Edit Survey page for the questions where page break is present, it will be indicated by a dotted line. How do I remove a Page Break? Click on the Page Break link to remove a Page Break. Page breaks are automatically inserted if you apply Branching or Logic in the Survey. You will not be able to remove the break for the questions for which you have applied Branching logic. How do I bulk update the page breaks in my survey? To bulk update the page breaks in your survey, go to: Login » Survey » Edit » Tools » Review Mode Click on Review Mode Check the box next to the question you wish to update. Click on Page Break dropdown and select Add/Remove Page Break License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey introduction with acceptance checkbox
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/acceptance-check-box.html
Summary: Introduction Text with Acceptance Check Box | Intro Text - How to?

Introduction Text with Acceptance Check Box | Intro Text - How to? I agree - acceptance check box as the name implies, is a method of getting a user to agree to your terms or legal agreements by requiring the user take some form of action, typically clicking the "I agree" checkbox. A user can click a box that's clearly marked as being part of forming an agreement. How can I add the I agree check box on my survey? To add the I agree check box at the beginning of your survey, click on the Add Question button at the top of your workspace. From the Basic Questions, select the Presentation Text type question under Static Content. Once you have added your question text, click on Settings and change the answer type to Checkbox - I Agree Also, make sure you add a Page Break for this question. How does this work on the survey for survey respondents? On the survey, respondents will have to click on the I Agree checkbox before they can proceed with the survey. Is a page break required after this question? No. A page break is not required and you can use this question without a page break. However, validation will only work once respondents click on the submit button to move forward. QuestionPro recommends a page break after this question, however, it is not required. Can I change the text for the I Agree check box? Yes. Click on the I Agree text and you can type in the required text and it will be automatically saved. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## RegEx Validation
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/regex-validation.html
Summary: RegEx Validation

RegEx Validation A RegEx, or Regular Expression, is a sequence of characters that forms a text pattern. RegEx can be used to check if a string contains the specified search pattern. For example, if you want to collect US phone numbers and want to ensure that the respondents enter valid US phone numbers, you can apply a RegEx pattern to the question. By doing so, all the respondents will have to enter the telephone numbers matching the US telephone number format - (xxx) xxx-xxxx. If the phone number fails to match that pattern, an error message will display indicating that it must match the appropriate format. How to add RegEx validation? RegEx pattern validation can be added to text input type questions. To add validation, click on the Validation icon on the text input type question. In the pop-up, Force/Request Response is selected and type is Default. Click on the Default and select the RegEx option from the dropdown menu. Now, in the RegEx Pattern dropdown menu you can select any of the predefined patterns or click on Custom Pattern to add your own validation pattern In this example, we want employees to enter their employee ID in the format: ABC1234-XY First 3 characters are uppercase alphabets followed by four numbers followed by a hyphen followed by 2 uppercase alphabets. Enter the RegEx custom pattern and add your validation message, and click on the Apply button. How does RegEx validation work while answering a survey? In this example, we want respondents to enter their employee ID in the format: ABC1234-XY In the survey, if the pattern matches, the response will be submitted and they can move ahead in the survey. If pattern doesn't match, error will be displayed asking respondents to enter the correct pattern. Pre-defined RegEx patterns in QuestionPro: Currency and Numbers: A number 1-4 digits in length - ^\d{1,4}$ Range of number 0-999 - ^([0-9]|[1-9][0-9]|[1-9][0-9][0-9])$ A whole number or up to two decimal places - ^\d+(\.\d{1,2})?$ A whole number percentage with '%' sign - ^\d{1,3}\%$ Currency (Dollar and cents with commas) - ^$?([1-9]{1}[0-9]{0,2}(\,[0-9]{3})*(\.[0-9]{0,2})?|[1-9]{1}[0-9]{0,}(\.[0-9]{0,2})?|0(\.[0-9]{0,2})?|(\.[0-9]{1,2})?)$ Currency (Euros with periods and comma) - ^\€?([1-9]{1}[0-9]{0,2}(\.[0-9]{3})*(\,[0-9]{0,2})?|[1-9]{1}[0-9]{0,}(\,[0-9]{0,2})?|0(\,[0-9]{0,2})?|(\,[0-9]{1,2})?)$ Currency (French with spaces and comma) - ^\€?([1-9]{1}[0-9]{0,2}(\s[0-9]{3})*(\,[0-9]{0,2})?|[1-9]{1}[0-9]{0,}(\,[0-9]{0,2})?|0(\,[0-9]{0,2})?|(\,[0-9]{1,2})?)$ Dates and Times: Date in mm/dd/yyyy - ^(0[1-9]|1[012])[\/](0[1-9]|[12][0-9]|3[01])[\/](19|20)\d\d$ Date in dd/mm/yyyy - ^(0?[1-9]|[12][0-9]|3[01])[\/](0?[1-9]|1[012])[\/](19|20)\d\d$ Date in yyyy/mm/dd - ^(19|20)\d\d[\/](0?[1-9]|1[012])[\/](0?[1-9]|[12][0-9]|3[01])$ Date in mm/dd/yyyy or m/d/yyyy - ^(0?[1-9]|1[012])[\/](0?[1-9]|[12][0-9]|3[01])[\/](19|20)\d\d$ Three-character month names - (Jan|Feb|Mar|Apr|May|Jun|Jul|Aug|Sep|Oct|Nov|Dec)$ Time Format in HH:MM am/pm - ^([1-9]|1[012]):(0[0-9]|[1-5][0-9])\s?(am|AM|pm|PM)$ Contact Info and Demographics Email Address Format - ^([a-zA-Z0-9_\-\.]+)*(\+[a-z0-9-]+)?@((\[[0-9]{1,3}\.[0-9]{1,3}\.[0-9]{1,3}\.)|(([a-zA-Z0-9\-]+\.)+))([a-zA-Z]{2,4}|[0-9]{1,3})(\]?)$ US Zip Code 5 or 9 digit (with dash) - ^\d{5}([\-]\d{4}){0,1}$ US Phone Number - ^((\(\d{3}\) ?)|(\d{3}[-\s]))?\d{3}[-\s]\d{4}$ UK Zip Codes - ^([A-PR-UWYZ0-9][A-HK-Y0-9][AEHMNPRTVXY0-9]?[ABEHMNPRVWXY0-9]? {1,2}[0-9][ABD-HJLN-UW-Z]{2}|GIR 0AA)$ UK Phone Number - ^\s*\(?((\+0?44)?\)?[ \-]?(\(0\))|0)((20[7,8]{1}\)?[ \-]?[1-9]{1}[0-9]{2}[ \-]?[0-9]{4})|([1-8]{1}[0-9]{3}\)?[ \-]?[1-9]{1}[0-9]{2}[ \-]?[0-9]{3}))\s*$ Height in feet and inches e.g., 6'3" - ^(?!$|.*\'[^"]+$)(?:([0-9]+)\')?(?:([0-9]+)"?)?$ License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Embed Media
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/embed-audio-embed-video.html
Summary: This QuestionPro help guide provides the step by step guide to embed videos into your surveys from any of the supported video formats/platforms.  

How to embed a video with QuestionPro QuestionPro allows you to add videos to your questions within a survey. You can either use a video from a platform such as YouTube, Vimeo, or if you have the video file, you can upload it to your media library and display this video within the survey. How to add/embed a video? To embed a video in a question, go to: Edit » Workspace Click on the Settings option for the question. Click on the Video tab to explore the various video embed options. Choose your preferred video platform or upload/use your own video file. How to embed a YouTube video? 1. Copy the video ID for your YouTube video. You can find the YouTube video ID from the YouTube URL in the address bar or under the 'sharing' options on YouTube. 2. Paste this ID in the YouTube video ID field for the question. To embed a video from Vimeo, copy the entire video URL from the address bar and paste it as the Vimeo video link. How to use your own custom video? You can easily upload and use your own videos within a survey. To upload your video: Follow the same steps to reach the video selection drop-down menu. Click/choose the 'Select from library' option. You can then upload your video here or select a video that has been previously uploaded to your media library. Video files should preferably be in the .mp4 format. Other file formats are not supported globally. What are the different settings and controls available for displaying videos? Once you add a video, the following are available: Alignment: Default alignment is left. You can switch between Left, Center, and Right. Width: Set the width of the video display. Autoplay: You can set autoplay on or off. If you enable autoplay, please enable the muted option as well. Muted: The video will be muted by default. It's better to enable this if you want videos to autoplay. Loop: Restart the video automatically and play in a loop. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Slider Start Position
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/slider-start-position.html
Summary: Slider Start Position

Slider Start Position Interactive slider rating scales gives researchers the opportunity to produce question and answer styles that incorporate a greater range of answers and improve interactivity on the survey. By default, all sliders start at the left. For right-to-left languages like Arabic, Hebrew, and others, the slider will start at the right by default. The default slider start position in the above example may introduce a bias. To negate this bias, you can set the slider to start at the middle of the slider scale. Slider start positions can be set for Numeric Slider and Text Slider How to change the slider start position for numeric slider question? Link Copied Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on Settings for the numeric slider question Under Slider Start Position select the desired position. If you wish to specify the exact position, you can select 'Custom' and define the exact position. The slider will now start at the defined position. How to change the slider start position for text slider question? Link Copied Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on Settings for the text slider question Under Slider Start Position select the desired position. The slider will now start at the defined position. Can I disable or hide the selection display? When using a numeric slider or text slider, you may want to hide the display for selected option. You can do so by disabling the Display Selection Setting. By default, Display Selection is switched on. To hide, switch it off. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Answer Display - Alternate Flip
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/alternate-flip.html
Summary: Answer Display Alternate Flip

Answer Display Order - Alternate Flip When conducting research, it is very important to reduce or eliminate any bias that may be introduced due to how the survey is set up. If answer options are always displayed in a particular order, then it may introduce bias when answering. For example, if we are collecting feedback on a negative to positive scale, if the negative option is the first option, then it will introduce a bias with responses. However, if alternatingly, we can show a negative-to-positive and a positive-to-negative scale, this helps eliminate any bias when answering a survey. Which are the supported question types where I can flip answer options for display? Flip option is available for the following question types: Multiple Choice Questions Matrix Questions How do I change the order of answer options to flip alternatingly for multiple choice questions? To set the answer options to flip alternatingly, Go to: Login » Surveys (select survey) » Edit Click on Settings for the question you wish to flip order Click on Answer Display Order Select the Alternate Flip option. When enabled, for each respondent, the answer options will be fliped to eliminate bias. How do I set up the alternate flip option for matrix questions? For matrix questions, Click on the Settings link for the question. Select the Alternate Flip option under Column Display Order How is the order flipped when answering the survey? For every alternate respondent, the survey will be offered with the options/order flipped. I have multiple questions in my survey where i have set them to offer flipped order. How does this work? For each respondent, all questions will be displayed in the same order. So if you have multiple questions, for the first respondent, the questions will be displayed in the set order. For the next respondent, all questions will be displayed in flipped order. Alternatingly, respondents will see the survey questions in the set order or flipped order. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Matrix - Auto Focus Mode
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/matrix-auto-focus.html
Summary: Matrix autofocus with auto advance

Matrix - Auto-focus What is auto-focus matrix? When answering a matrix question with numerous rows, it may get overwhelming to answer these questions. To increase focus on the active row which is being answered, we have added the auto-focus setting which reduces respondent fatigue and improves data quality. Auto-focus matrix example: How to enable auto-focus setting for a matrix question? Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace For the matrix question, click on Settings Switch on the toggle for Auto-focus Auto-focus for matrix questions is not supported for accessible layout. If you are using accessible layout, this setting should be disabled. Why can I not enable this setting for matrix questions with fewer than 4 rows? Auto-focus matrix setting helps respondents when answering matrix questions with a large list of attributes. For fewer than 4 rows, this setting does not improve the experience so we only allow this setting for matrix questions with at least 4 rows or attributes. I have images for the matrix questions. Can I enable and use auto-focus? No. We recommend not to use auto-focus if you are using images in your matrix questions. With auto-focus, we have space constraints so it is not possible to display images properly. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Text validations
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-validation.html
Summary: Text validations

Text validations You can use validation to force or request a respondent to answer a question. Validation can also be used for security and to make sure that the input is valid before respondents can proceed with the survey. How to require a response for a text input question? By default, validation for a question is switched off. To make a question required, go to: Survey Question. Click on the Validation link for that question Select Forced Response and Default, then click on the Apply button. Validation enables basic validation to require a question to be answered. When answering the survey, default validation will require a response before respondents can proceed. Can I validate the text input? Yes, consider an example where you want to validate the employee code entered by an employee. To do so, first pass the employee code to the survey via custom variables. Now on the question, set the validation as Equals and select the custom variable. In this case, the entered text will be checked against the value in custom1. If it matches, respondent will be allowed to proceed. If the entered text doesn't match, respondent will not be allowed to proceed until the input matches. Following comparison operators are available for validation: Equals Equals [Match case] Contains Contains [Match case] Does not contain Starts with Ends with License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Numeric Input Settings- Spreadsheet
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-input-settings-spreadsheet.html
Summary: Numeric Input Settings- Spreadsheet

Numeric Input Settings- Spreadsheet In the spreadsheet matrix, enabling the numeric input settings allows the respondent to the survey in numbers only, the respondent can not enter text in the field. Custom Validation: This setting is available specifically for the spreadsheet question type. Here you can assign the specific numeric values across each rows or each columns or across the entire question. For making this custom validation work you would need to mark this question as validated. Sum Each Row To value: The total value should sum to value entered in custom validation for each row. Total Sum (Across All Rows): The total value should add up to value entered in custom validation across all the items. Sum Each Column To Value: The total value should add up to value entered in custom validation for each column. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Decimal Separator Currency Format
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/currency-format-decimal-separator.html
Summary: Van Westendorp Currency Format

Currency Format - Decimal Separator Can I use comma as a decimal separator for currency format? Yes. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Text box - Keyboard input type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-input-keyboard-type.html
Summary: text box input type for mobile and tabs

Text box input - Keyboard type Most respondents answer surveys from their mobile devices or tablets, opening the right type of keyboard for a text input field makes it really easy for respondents to answer your surveys. How to specify which keyboard to open for a text box field? Depending on the text input type, we define the type of keyboard to open. You can check or change this under question settings. Select the question for which you wish to change the keyboard type and click on the Settings option for the question. Here you can set the keyboard type. When respondents open the survey on their mobile or tablet devices, the selected keyboard type will be opened by default. Which keyboard types are available? Depending on the required input type, following keyboard types are available: Text: Default text keyboard will be opened with alphabet display. Email: This keyboard type makes it easier to enter an email address. @ character is added to the text keyboard along with other helpful characters requred for email input. Number: This will open a numeric keyboard. Phone: This keyboard type makes it easy to enter phone numbers. Numeric keyboard with essential phone number characters are displayed on the keyboard. Date: This will open the default calendar type input on your device. Please note, the keyboards opened will depend on your device OS. The keyboard type setting is available with which question types? Keyboard type setting is available for the following question types: All text input type questions Spreadsheet matrix Reference data License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Deep Dive
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/deep-dive.html
Summary: deep dive, deeper dive with AI, qxbot

Deep Dive Deep Dive powered by QuestionPro AI gives researchers the ability to ask contextual questions in real-time based on a respondents answer to a question. When a respondent answers any question, with deep dive, we ask additional questions in converstational format allowing respondents to answer and based on their answer, follow up questions are asked. Deep Dive empowers you to ask personalized questions as if you were personally collecting feedback from the respondent one-on-one. Deep Dive is available now in BETA. Please contact your account manager. How do I add a deep dive for a question? Go to: Login » My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit Deep dive is currently available only with our Multiple Choice Select One (Radio button) type question. We will be building support for all multiple choice questions along with open ended text comment/feedback type questions. How is the respondent experience for deep dive? Based on respondents answer to a question, deep dive triggers and opens a conversational chat window and asks further questions. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Conjoint Best Practices
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/conjoint-analysis-best-practice-mplementation.html
Summary: Conjoint Analysis - Best Practice Implementation FAQ

Conjoint Analysis - Best Practice Implementation FAQ Please be aware that opinions and suggestions given here are exactly that -- Our opinions and suggestions. Conjoint Analysis is a fairly complicated model and while there is no single solution this FAQ should be considered as a broad opinion trying to encompass as many scenarios as possible. Many of our suggestions and methods here are OUR opinions and may contradict other research executed for specific scenarios. How do I determine how many concepts per screen should I ask? In general for internet based (self-administered) surveys, asking users to choose between more than 3 or 4 concepts is generally not reasonable. The cognitive stress placed on users far outweighs the extensibility in the utility calculation. The number of concepts that you choose also depends upon the number attributes that is being measured. For example, if you are measuring more than 3 attributes, the users have to understand and comprehend product (that is comprised or 3 or more attributes) and then make a decision between the different concepts. In general, however if you have 3 or less attributes, you can go with 3 concepts per task. However, if you have more than 3 attributes, we would suggest that you do not put in more than 2 concepts per task. How are the tasks (profiles) created and displayed? Is it pre-defined or does the system create concepts and present them to the user? The concepts are randomly created and displayed to the user. You can use the "Prohibited Pairs" feature to make sure certain pairs of levels are never part of the same concept. But, the model generally is to keep the creation of the concepts random - so as to explore as varied a possibility to gain insight into individual utilities. The alogrithm for computing a profile is as follows: System will choose random levels for each attribute to create the first concept. Subsequent concepts (for each task) will be created such that the levels are not repeated. In cases where this is not possible, the levels will be repeated. Under no circumstances will the system display two identical profiles The system will also take into account User-Defined "Prohibited Pairs" to make sure profiles that are created. Can there be an over-reliance on a particular attribute like "Price" or "Cost?" Yes. In almost all conjoint studies, Price and Cost will be the primary determining factor. If previous conjoint studies have shown an over-reliance on Price/Cost factors, it may also make sense to conduct a study WITHOUT price as one of the components as a test-run. While this approach will not work for price-sensitivity testing, it will however elimitate the "Price-Fixation" attitude and give you deeper insight into the other attributes. Another mechanism for solving the "Price-Fixation" (where users show a tedency to heavily rely on price i.e. the cheapest price always wins) is to do price-bands -- i.e. where the levels in the Cost/Price attribute is defined as a range -- Eg. ($1.99 - $2.99) This approach may be able to help in "de-focusing" cost and allowing users to pay equal attention to other factors. How do I determine how many tasks I should have the user complete? Our experience has shown that there is a precipitious drop-out rate after about 15 tasks. Unless there is a strong personal incentive for the end-users to complete the survey, we would suggest to keep the number of tasks to under 15 especially in cases where users are volunteering to take surveys. Please keep in mind that conjoint product selection is a little more involved than simply "answering a survey question" -- users have to comprehend each of the attributes/concepts and then make a choice. This is a lot more involved than say choosing "Male/Female" on a gender question. On the lower side, we would suggest that 6-8 tasks be the minium for a conjoint model with 3 attributes. The more attributes you have, the more number of tasks users have to fill out. It is obvious that it's a balancing act between the number of tasks, concepts per task and the total number of attributes/levels than need to be displayed. Two factors determine the overall utility: Concepts Per Task Total #of Tasks The system provides the "Concept Simulator" - with the concept simulator you can see the TOTAL number of times a particular level will be displayed (given the total number of respondents) - See Concept Simulator in the References section below. What about the "None" option? How does having the "none" option affect data calculation and reliability? If the "None" option is enabled, the utility calculation takes into account that NONE of the options was selected. The utility calculation fundamentally relies on the number of times a particular level is displayed to the user compared to the number of times a level is part of a chosen concept. If the "none" option is selected, then the utilities for all the levels in the options (that were not selected) will go down. What are the other implications of enabling the "none" options? From a practical standpoint, in some cases, where we've seen an over-emphasis on price/cost or a single level, the None option is selected whenever the emphasized level is not present in one of the random concepts. In such cases, it may not make sense to enable the "none" option and force users to choose the "best" option that they are presented with. How many levels can I have within each attribute? How many attributes can I have? Any guidelines? From a technical standpoint, the system does NOT impose any limitations. You can have unlimited attributes and unlimited levels within each attribute. However, from a practical standpoint, it is unreasonable to have more than 4-6 attributes, and about 3-4 levels per attribute. Our suggestion would be to keep the number of attributes to under 5 and try and seek about 3 levels for each attribute. I have a lot of Attributes that I'd like to test out (more than 5-6) - what can I do? Like mentioned above, the system does not limit the number of attributes. However from a practical presentation standpoint, it really does not make sense to have choices with more than 5-6 attributes because of the cognitive stress involved. However, if you do have a case where you'd like to test out 10-20 attributes we would suggest you do this as a two part project: Create a screening/profiling survey and use simple "Multiple Choice (Multiple Select)" to determine viability of attributes - "Pick 6 of 20" etc. Use TURF Analysis to pick the Top 5 or 6 attributes with the highest reach. Then as a secondary wave, run the conjoint study on highest reach attributes. Total concept combinations should not exceed 10,000. For example, if there are 4 features, with 10, levels each, the total combinations reach the 10,000 which is the maximum we can support. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Conjoint Prohibited Pairs
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/conjoint-prohibited-pairs.html
Summary: Prohibited Concepts - How to?

Prohibited Concepts in Conjoint - How to? Prohibited Concepts allow you to make the Concepts (Attributes and Levels) more realistic while doing conjoint study. It allows for defining "Rules" that the Conjoint Module will follow when deciding on what Attributes and Levels to make up a Concept. You can create as many "Pairs" as you want and the Engine will never display those levels that have been marked as "Prohibited" in the same concept (as a product) for the user to choose. You can also directly prohibit a concept by providing the levels of that concept. How to set up prohibited concepts? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » For your conjoint question, click on the Prohibited Concepts setting link. Add your prohibited concept and save. How do I "Remove" a Prohibited Concepts? To remove an "Existing Prohibited Concepts, simply change the Drop Down Combo-Box to "Select", and then Save your changes. This will automatically remove that Prohibited Concepts. Important: It is very important that you simulate (Using the Concept Simulator) after defining your Prohibited Concepts. It is entirely possible that the combination of the Prohibited Concepts that you have defined leave fewer alternatives than the number of "Concepts Per Task" -- In such a case the engine will error out and the user will not be able to complete the survey. Please simulate at least 1000 respondents (Using the Concept Simulator) to make sure that your design is orthogonal enough. In order to avoid this, please only use the bare minimum prohibited pairs, to achieve maximum orthogonal design. Remember, the idea behind Conjoint is to "discover" trade offs. Kindly Note: QuestionPro replaces the prohibited concept with a non-prohibited ones and keep replacing until we get a unique non-prohibited concept. Make sure prohibited count is less than task and concept, if it is more than task and concept we will throw a validation error as below: Simulated Concept choices should never be '0'. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Dynamic text or comment boxes
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/dynamic-comment-based-on-logic.html
Summary: Dynamic text or comments box

Dynamic text or comments box Dynamic Text/Comments boxes are used to collect open-ended comments from the respondents when they select options. This allows you to collect additional information about the option selected by the respondent. Typically, this can be used in the following scenario: Which is your favorite smartphone brand? Apple Samsung Motorola OnePlus A text box should appear to specify the reason for choosing the option when the respondent selects any of the options mentioned above. How do I enable Dynamic Comments on my survey? There are two ways of adding the dynamic text/comments on your survey: 1. Directly from the question: Go to: Login » Surveys (Click on a survey) » Edit. Click on Add Questions and add all questions in your survey. Hover over an option and click on the corresponding arrow. Select Dynamic Comment Box and enter the label - "why?" Similarly, you can add dynamic text boxes to other options too. 2. From the question logic: Go to: Login » Surveys (Click on a survey) » Edit. Click on Add Questions and add all questions in your survey. Hover over the question on which you wish to apply logic and click on logic. A pop-up will appear. Click on Dynamic Text/Comments. By default, Dynamic Text Box is disabled for each option. Go to the answer option you wish to enable dynamic comment, and select Enabled from the drop-down. A comment box will appear on the right side, type the label for the dynamic comment box here - "Why?" Similarly, you can enable dynamic text boxes for the remaining options too. Click on Save Logic How does dynamic text/comment box work while taking survey? While taking the survey, if the respondent chooses an option, the dynamic text box appears below the last answer option. For example, if the respondent selects Apple then, a text box with label "Why?" appears below the last answer option. In the comment box, the respondent can type the reason for selecting Apple as the favorite smartphone brand. How are comments entered in the dynamic text box captured in the report? Comments entered by the respondents in the dynamic text box will be automatically included in your Report as a separate field that follows the question it was applied to. To download report: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. Click on Download drop-down. Under Download Raw Data section, you can download the report in Excel or CSV format. In the downloaded report, you can see the column named Dynamic Comment with all the comments entered by the respondents. Question types that support Dynamic Text/Comments box. Dynamic text/comments box can be enabled for the following question types: Multiple choice (select one) Multiple choice (select many) Drop-down menu Multi-point scale (matrix single select) Matrix multi-select Smiley - Rating When I disable dynamic text/comment box, I get this warning message "you've chosen to update/remove dynamic text/comments, however the system has already collected data." -- what does that mean? It means that the system has detected that you've tried to remove dynamic text/comment option from a question. However, the system also has prior collected data (while you were testing?) for that question. To avoid data corruption issues, you need to delete all the data collected. Information on how to delete data is listed below in the references section. Can I have the "other" option also with the dynamic comment option? Yes. The two of them are independent. Can I have more than one option to trigger the dynamic comment? Yes. For each of the items, make sure you choose the dynamic comment option where you want to trigger it. Can I enable dynamic comments on a multi-select (choose all that apply) question type or a matrix question with check boxes? Yes. We do support dynamic comments with multiple choice (choose all that apply) question types. Enabling dynamic comments will introduce another column in the export file. This column will store the open-ended text data. Please do not change the question type (e.g.: Radio Button » Checkbox) after enabling dynamic comments on your question. This is not supported and will result in data inconsistency. Can I use other logic functions along with the dynamic text option? Yes. All other logic functions are available when dynamic text boxes are used for a question. How many criteria can I add in a logic? You can add up to 5 criteria in a logic. Can I remove the validation from the dynamic comment box logic while keeping the validation on the question? No, however you can do this by adding multiple comment box questions and using show/hide logic to show or hide them based on the answers to the survey. Please contact our support team for further assistance. Dynamic comment box does not work when interactive mode is on. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Extraction logic
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/extraction.html
Summary: Extraction logic

Extraction logic Extraction logic can be used when you want to ask a follow-up question or multiple follow-up questions based on the respondent's selection to a question in your survey. For example, consider a question in your survey "Please select all smartphone brands that you have used in the past?" with the following answer options: Apple Samsung Google Motorola OnePlus Xiaomi LG Other Based on the respondent's answer, you may want to ask follow-up questions for the selected brands. You can set this up easily using Extraction Logic How do I set up extraction logic? To set up extraction: Go to: Login » Surveys (click on a survey) » Edit. Click on Logic for the question from which you wish to extract follow-up questions. Select Extraction logic from the drop-down. Select which options you want to extract for the follow-up questions. You can select from the following options: Selected Choices: All options selected by respondents will be used in the extracted question. Not Selected Choices: All options that are not selected by respondents will be used in the extracted question. Displayed Choices: All options that are displayed to the respondent will be extracted. Not Displayed Choices: All options that are hidden by show/hide logic and not displayed to the respondent will be extracted. All Choices: All choices will be extracted. Click on the drop-down next to 'to question type' and select the question type for your follow-up question. Click on the Save Extraction Logic button. The extracted question will appear below the source question. You can add question text for your question. How does extraction logic work while answering the survey? In this example, respondents will be asked to select all the smartphone brands they have used. In the follow-up question, only the options selected by the respondents will be displayed. How do I extract the custom text entered in an “Other” option instead of the default label? Piping the “Other” option lets you pull the exact text instead of the default “Other” label. When someone selects the Other choice and writes their own answer, the system captures that custom text and shows it in the extracted question. Turn on the toggle, "Pipe Text for Other Option". Once enabled, the platform will auto-generate the extraction syntax for the Other text directly within the extracted question. Can I re-order the extracted question? The extracted question will be added immediately after the source question. If you are extracting multiple questions, the latest extracted question will be immediately after the source question. Once you have extracted questions, you can reorder the questions as per the order you want. Please see the Reorder Questions help article for more details. Why doesn’t the “Other (specify)” option change to a piped value when I enable “Pipe Text For Other Option” after saving extraction? This is expected. The “Pipe Text For Other Option” setting only affects options at the time the extracted question is first created. If you save the extraction with the toggle off, the “Other” choice is created as plain text and will not be updated automatically when you later turn the toggle on. To use piping, recreate the extraction with the toggle enabled before saving or manually edit the “Other” option text to add the piping expression. Deep dive into extraction logic | QuestionPro Webinar <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Piping text
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/piping-text.html
Summary: Piping text

Piping text Piping text is a way to pass custom text to the next question based on the option selected. Using piping text, you can ask follow-up questions and maintain context for respondents when they are responding or giving feedback. How do I set up piping through skip logic? Here we will look at piping text using the ${piping_text} replacement tag. A good example for using the ${piping_text} replacement tag is when you want to ask follow up questions for all options selected. This is also referred to as looping. Consider an example where you are asking respondents to select restaurants from which they have ordered pizzas and then ask them follow up questions for all selections. To set up piping logic with looping, go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit First set up your survey questions. Then click on the logic option to set up piping logic for the question we want to pipe text from. Under Skip Logic, enable looping logic. Now select the jump to question for each option and enter the required piping text. Click on Save Logic When respondents answer the survey, for the selected options, the piping text entered for the selected options will be used in the follow-up question Wherever you use the replacement tag ${piping_text}, it will be replaced on the following page. To pipe text to multiple pages, you can use piping through question code. How do I set up piping through question code? If you only want to display the option text that has been selected without modifications. Simply add the tag ${QUESTION_CODE} A few examples to help: If you want to pipe the option selected in question Q2 then the tag will be ${Q2}. If you want to pipe the option selected in question Demo2 then the tag will be ${Demo2}. If you want to pipe the other option for a question, then the tag will be ${Q2_OTHER}. Can I pipe text captured along with the 'Other' option for a question? Yes. You can pipe text captured along with the other option for a question. Format for piping other option text is: ${question_code_OTHER} For example, you want to pipe text captured with the other option for a question with code: Q5, then the format will be: ${Q5_OTHER}. Wherever you use this tag, the other option text will be displayed. Which question types support the use of piping text? Piping Text using the question code feature is supported by the following question types: Multiple Choice Text Graphical Rating (Except Text Slider) Matrix Table Ordering Image Chooser Calendar Customer Satisfaction Lookup Table Multi Tier Lookup Table Video Rating Stop Watch Barcode QR Code Reader Note: Piping using the question code feature is not supported in QuestionPro Offline App. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Matrix Extraction
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/matrix-extraction.html
Summary: Matrix Extraction

Matrix Extraction Setting up matrix extraction is slightly different from setting up extraction on a multiple-choice question. In this example, we are asking respondents to rate their satisfaction with smartphone brands. For any brand where the respondent is very dissatisfied or not satisfied, we want to ask for additional text feedback. How to set up Matrix Extraction? To set up extraction, go to: Login » Surveys » Edit Click on the Logic option for the matrix question. Select Extraction logic from the drop-down. In this example, we are extracting Selected Rows to question type Multiple Rows (Text). We want to ask follow-up questions if respondents select either Very dissatisfied or Not satisfied for any of the matrix rows. Save Extraction Logic. How does matrix extraction work when answering the survey? In this example, we are asking respondents to rate their satisfaction for the smartphone brands. For the brands where the rating is Very dissatisfied or Not satisfied, we will ask follow-up questions asking for detailed comments on why respondents are not satisfied. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Locked Extraction
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/locked-extraction.html
Summary: Locked Extraction

Locked Extraction Take an example of extraction logic where you are asking respondents to select brands in the source question and asking for multiple follow up questions for the selected choices. Now if you wish to make changes to the source question like either add or remove brands, then you have to set up extraction again for all the follow up questions. This is a tedious process. Instead, you can use Locked Extraction when setting up extraction and any edits or changes to the source question will be reflected automatically on the follow up questions. How to set up locked extraction? To set up extraction: Go to: Login » Surveys (click on a survey) » Edit. Click on Logic for the question from which you wish to extract follow up questions. Select Extraction logic from the drop down. Here, we will set extraction for Selected Choices to question type Single Select Enable the toggle for Locked Extraction Extraction question will be added. For locked extraction, you will not be able to edit answer options in the extracted question. You can add the question text for this question. How does locked extraction work? Once you have set up locked extraction, any change you make to the source question will automatically be reflected on the extracted questions as well. You can add/remove/edit answer options in the source questions and changes will also reflect on the extracted questions. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Text Input Size Settings
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-input-size.html
Summary: Text Input Size Settings

Text Input Size Settings The text input size setting helps you resize the height and width of the open-ended question area. This helps the survey administrator define the respondent's survey experience. How can I change the size of the text input box? To change the text input box/area size, go to: Login » Survey » Workspace Go to the open-ended question added in the survey and click on settings. Under Text Input Size Settings you can change the height and width of the text box. The default width of the text box will be 100%. Respondent survey experience with 100% width of the text area: License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Offline App - Text to speech
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-to-speech.html
Summary: Text to speech

Text to speech What is text to speech? QuestionPro Text-to-speech function allows the survey questions and answer options to be read out loud and ask for respondents reply. Based on their reply, the correct option is selected and response can be recorded. How does text to speech work? We have launched text to speech in BETA. Currently there are a few limitations. Text to speech is supported only for multiple choice single select and text input questions. For text to speech, we only support single question per page. When you enable text to speech and open the survey in our offline app, The question along with the answer options will be read out loud. Once read, you will be prompted with "Please speak now" message and the mic icon will turn blue. You can say your preferred answer option/choice. Voice recognition will match it to an answer. If matched, the answer will be selected. If you are satisfied, you can click on the Next or Continue button. You can also change your answer manually and submit. How to enable the text to speech function? Go to: Surveys » Mobile Click on the Device Name for which you want to enable text to speech. In the popup, under Settings switch on the toggle for Text to Speech and save. This will enable text to speech. Sync your offline app to update this setting. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Weighted Rank Order
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/weighted-rank-order.html
Summary: Weighted Rank Order Analysis

Weighted Rank Order For rank order analysis, rank 1 has a index value or weight of 1, rank 2 has an index value or weight as 2 and so on... For average rank order analysis, these values are used for rank calculation or mean. With weighted rank order analysis, you can customize the weight for each rank value. How can I customized the weights used for rank order analysis? Go to: Login » Select Survey » Analytics On the dashboard, for your rank order question, click on the settings icon. Here, you can either inverse weights or add custom weights. All charts will use the updated weights for calculations and charting. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Matrix Heatmap Chart
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/matrix-heatmap-chart.html
Summary: Heatmap chart for matrix questions

Matrix - Heatmap chart For analysing matrix questions, we are launching heatmap charts. Heatmap charts are better from the point of view of readability as well as data display to help you in making better decisions. Heatmap charts are visually apealing and make reading the data and analysis effortless. Colors on the heatmap chart can be easily customized to suite your brand. Here's a glimpse of how it works Where can I enable or change to heatmap chart for matrix question? You can switch, enable, disable charts under Analytics. Go to: Login » Select Survey » Analytics Heatmap is set as default chart for matrix questions. Here, you can change to spider chart or disable charts by selecting the no chart option. Can I customize the colors used for the heatmap? Yes. You can select from the color list that we provide or choose the exact color you wish using the custom color picker or using HEX color codes. What are the customization options for the heatmap chart? Click on the kebab (3 dot) menu to access customization options. Display overall column: You can enable/disable the toggle to show/hide the overall column. Display percentage: You can show/hide the percentage display on the heatmap. Customize heatmap: You can choose which rows to display on the heatmap for the matrix question. Click on the Customize heatmap option. On the popup, you can select the rows that you wish to show/hide. Watch this video for a live walkthrough of the set up. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Click to download video License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Bulk Edit System Variables
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/bulk-edit-responses.html
Summary:  Bulk Edit Responses, Bulk update custom variables

Bulk Edit Responses - System Variables You can edit or update system variables in bulk to get standardized response types, which further helps in making sense of the data. QuestionPro provides you the ability to edit multiple responses in one go. How can I update custom variables in bulk? You can perform the following actions on multiple responses. Edit external reference variable and custom variables 1 to 5 Delete Re-post to Salesforce Re-post to Caspio Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics Select the Responses option from the drop-down under Dashboard. Select the responses you wish to update the variables for. Click on Update Variables. Enter the text with which you wish to update the variables. You can update the External Reference variable along with custom variables 1 to 5. Save the changes. I am not able to see Re-post to Salesforce / Caspio options under actions. Why? The Re-post to Salesforce / Caspio options are available only if the respective integrations are enabled. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Text analysis- categorization
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-analysis.html
Summary: Text analysis and categorization

Text analysis and categorization What is Text Analysis? Text analysis is a text tagging and categorization report used to quantify open-ended responses into common themes and patterns for an in-depth review of what respondents want you to know in their own words. Users will be able to create tag names based on patterns and themes they wish to analyze. It will count total tags and display a graph to analyze most to least popular categories based on the total number of tagged responses. The value of text categorization is realized when users can quantify open-ended text using numerical data points. How do I set up Text Analysis in QuestionPro? To set up text categories: Go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Text Analysis » Text Analysis Text Categories can be set up on Open Ended Text - Comments Box type questions. Click on the Create Tag button for adding a new category. Enter in the Name and Keywords for the category. Click on Save. How will the text be categorized under the categories? Once you have added the necessary categories, you can set each response under a specific category. The system will automatically tag the responses if the keywords in the created tag match the comment. Also, you can manually tag a response. How do I manually tag a response? Click on View / Manually Tag Responses to view Tag Responses. Click on the response to tag it manually. Click on View Chart for Chart representation of Tag Responses. Note: It is not case sensitive Is it possible to categorize a single response into multiple categories? If yes how can I do that? Yes. You can categorize one response to multiple/all categories. You just have to keep clicking the categories you would like to tag the response to. Blue indicates that the response has been categorized. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Search text data
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/search-text-data.html
Summary: Comment Analytics | Ad-Hoc Querying Tool | Search Text Data - How to?

Comment Analytics | Ad-Hoc Querying Tool | Search Text Data - How to? Ad-Hoc Querying: The Ad-Hoc querying tool allows you to search your survey database for arbitrary criteria. For example, if one of your questions in your survey is Location you can quickly search for all users who are in a particular (or a set) of locations. How do I access the tool? Login >> Surveys >> Analytics >> Text Analysis >> Search Under Ad-Hoc Query Tool, select the option you want to search, and click on Search Database The results of the data will be displayed Can I use the Ad-Hoc query tool to search through Open-Ended text? Yes. Using the Ad-Hoc querying tool you can search for text data from the collected survey data. Before searching for text data please make sure to Create/Refresh Text Index. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Text Highlighter
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/text-highlighter.html
Summary: Text Highlighter

Text Highlighter What is Text Highlighter question type? QuestionPro offers a question type called, Text Highlighter where, you can add a text as a question and collect feedback on the text. The respondents can select words from the text and evaluate using answer options such as like or dislike. We provide an interactive text highlight visualization that helps to analyze the text with different shades of color heatmap. Click to download video How do I add a text highlighter question? To add a text highlighter question: Go to:Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on the add question button Under advanced question types » image/multimedia, click on Text Highlighter question Text Highlighter question will appear as follows: You can see default answer options - Like and Dislike. You can also add answer options by clicking on Add Option. You can choose your own color for the respective answer option. Click on the color as shown in the image below and change the color from color picker. How do respondents answer the text highlighter question in your survey? The text highlighter question will appear to the respondents as follows: Here, the respondents need to click on the text and select the answer option. Respondents can provide their feedback in the comment section and click save to complete the survey. How do I view the report of text highlighter question? To view the report for text highlighter question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Text Analysis » Text Highlighters. Here, you will see the text highlighted with the color heatmap. You can click on the answer options below the text to analyze selected answer option. Based on the respondent count the intensity of highlight varies. The text with highest count will be highlighted with dark shade when compared to text with low respondent selection. Enabling the comments toggle will list out the comments provided by the respondents. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Conjoint analysis designs
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/conjoint-analysis-designs.html
Summary: Conjoint Analysis (Discrete Choice Module) Designs

Conjoint Analysis (Discrete Choice Module) Designs The QuestionPro discrete choice module (DCM) provides a range of options to the researcher for carrying out discrete choice conjoint research. One of the options specifies the design used by the DCM. What do we mean by “design” in this context? The design of a discrete choice question is the specification of how the respondent is presented the various levels of attributes in the survey. In discrete choice questions, respondents are presented with sets of profiles of possible products or services and asked to select one of them. The configuration of the different choices, and how many are presented, is referred to as the design of the discrete choice task. A good design will select specific configurations in a way such that the range of possible configurations is sampled in an efficient way. Designs are an optimization of the attribute levels available, they are an attempt, given various limitations, to select the best configurations of levels to give the most accurate results. The d-optimal design algorithm is therefore an attempt to best use the available respondents. What designs are available in QuestionPro Discrete Choice Model? Random Random design is a purely random sample of the possible attribute levels. For the number of tasks per respondent, QuestionPro produces a unique set of attribute configurations to be presented to the respondent. D-optimal This is a design algorithm that will produce an optimal design for the specified number of tasks per respondent and sample size. More information on this design algorithm is available in the D-Optimal section. Import Design This allows designs, in the SPSS design format, to be imported and used by the QuestionPro DCM module. This is useful when users want to work with designs not generated by QuestionPro, such as fractional factorial orthogonal designs. You will find this option under question Settings. What are 'Optimal Designs'? Optimal designs are a class of experimental designs that are optimal with respect to some statistical criterion. In the design of experiments for estimating statistical models, optimal designs allow parameters to be estimated without bias and with minimum variance. A non-optimal design requires a greater number of experimental runs to estimate the parameters with the same precision as an optimal design. In practical terms, optimal experiments can reduce the costs of experimentation. What is D-Optimal/DOptimal/D Optimal Design? Conjoint Analysis D-Optimal Design is a design based on D-Optimality for the Conjoint Analysis (Discrete Choice) question. In general, D-Optimality is a concept that uses a desired set of experiments to optimize or investigate a studied object. It seeks to minimize |(X'X)−1|, or equivalently maximize the determinant of the information matrix X'X of the design. How do I set up a Conjoint Analysis question with DOptimal design? Step 1: First, you need to add a Conjoint (DCM) question to the survey. Go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Workspace » Add Question » Advanced Question Types » Choice Models » Conjoint Type in the Header / Instructions using inline editing Add the Levels Add the Features for each level The Features and Levels once added and saved cannot be changed later, so ensure to properly complete this step before saving. Choose the number of screens with options to be selected that you wish to show your respondents, under Tasks Choose the number of concepts to be displayed in each task under Concepts Enable the toggle button if you'd like to include a 'Not applicable choice' option (Optional), and provide a text in the box to appear as column header for this Step2: Go to the saved question and click on 'Design Type' In the 'Design Type' dropdown choose D-Optimal. The inline popup window will refresh automatically. Versions: Here specify how many versions of the DOptimal design would you like to generate. If multiple designs are generated, a large doptimal design, with total tasks equal to (the number of tasks specified) X ( the number of versions specified) will be generated. While taking the survey, each user will get as many tasks as specified in the question but these will be randomly chosen from large D-optimal design generated earlier. Click on Start button to proceed How can I import a design? Step1: Start by adding a Conjoint DCM question as described above. Ensure that under 'Task Count' and 'Concepts Per Task' you choose the same numbers as that you have in the Excel sheet you are going to import Step2: Click on 'Settings'. In the inline popup in 'Design type' choose 'Import' Step3: The popup will refresh automatically showing a sample format of the import design on the screen. Also a link to a sample import file lets you download it for your reference. Once your file is ready use the upload option to select it and import it. Version: The first column in the spreadsheet is about the version number of the designs. Multiple versions get displayed randomly to the respondents. This number should be '0' if the particular row is about a fixed task. Task: The second column is the task number i.e. the group of options displayed at a time on the screen. Concept: The third column is the concepts number within each task. The columns after this will depend upon the number of features you have in the question - one column per feature. Ensure that you type in the corresponding number for each attribute correctly as specified just above the file selection box Step 4: On the following screen click on 'Import Design'. Note: Back Button is not supported in Conjoint Question. How to use Conjoint analysis <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Related QuestionPro Certifications Discrete Choice and Pricing Models License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Conjoint part worths calculation
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/conjoint-part-worths-calculation.html
Summary: Conjoint analysis part worths calculation in discrete choice conjoint.

Conjoint Part-Worths Calculation Calculating Part-Worths Values: We use the following algorithm to calculate CBC Conjoint Part-Worths: NOTATION Let there be R respondents, with individuals r = 1 ... R Let each respondent see T tasks, with t = 1 ... T Let each task t have C configurations (or concepts), with c = 1 ... C (C in our case is usually 3 or 4) If we have A attributes, a = 1 to A, with each attribute having La levels, l = 1 to La, then the part-worth for a particular attribute/level is w’(a,l). It is this (jagged array) of part worths we are solving for in this exercise. We can simplify this to a one-dimensional array w(s), where the elements are: {w’(1,1), w’(1,2) ... w’(1,L1), w’(2,1) ... w’(A,LA)} with w having S elements. A specific configuration x can be represented as a one-dimensional array x(s), where x(s)=1 if the specific level/attribute is present, and 0 otherwise. Let Xrtc represent the specific configuration of the cth configuration in the tth task for the rth respondent. Thus the experiment design is represented by the four dimensional matrix X with size RxTxCxS If respondent r chooses configuration c in task t then let Yrtc=1; otherwise 0. UTILITY OF A SPECIFIC CONFIGURATION The Utility Ux of a specific configuration is the sum of the part-worths for those attribute/levels present in the configuration, i.e. it is the scalar product x.w THE MULTI-NOMIAL LOGIT MODEL For a simple choice between two configurations, with utilities U1 and U2, the MNL model predicts that configuration 1 will be chosen EXP(U1)/(EXP(U1) + EXP(U2)) of the time (a number between 0 and 1). For a choice between N configurations, configuration 1 will be chosen EXP(U1)/(EXP(U1) + EXP(U2) + ... + EXP(UN)) of the time. MODELED CHOICE PROBABILITY Let the choice probability (using MNL model) of choosing the cth configuration in the tth task for the rth respondent be: Prtc=EXP(xrtc.w)/SUM(EXP(xrt1.w), EXP(xrt2.w), ... , EXP(xrtC.w)) LOG-LIKELIHOOD MEASURE The Log-Likelihood measure LL is calculated as: Prtc is a function of the part-worth vector w, which is the set of part-worths we are solving for. SOLVING FOR PART-WORTHS USING MAXIMUM LIKELIHOOD We solve for the part-worth vector by finding the vector w that gives the maximum value for LL. Note that we are solving for S variables. This is a multi-dimensional non-linear continuous maximization problem, and requires a standard solver library. We use the Nelder-Mead Simplex Algorithm. The Log-Likelihood function should be implemented as a function LL(w, Y, X), and then optimized to find the vector w that gives us a maximum. The responses Y, and the design X are given, and constant for a specific optimization. Initial values for w can be set to the origin 0. The final part-worths w are re-scaled so that the part-worths for any attribute have a mean of zero, simply by subtracting the mean of the part-worths for all levels of each attribute. All the Conjoint related tools can be accessed by clicking on: Login » Surveys » Reports » Choice Modelling » Conjoint Analysis License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Conjoint calculations and methodology
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/conjoint-analysis-calculations-methodology.html
Summary: Conjoint Analysis - Calculations / Methodology

Conjoint Analysis - Calculations / Methodology Conjoint analysis is a survey based statistical technique used in market research that helps determine how people value different attributes (feature, function, benefits) that make up an individual product or service. The objective of conjoint analysis is to determine what combination of a limited number of attributes is most influential on respondent choice or decision making. A controlled set of potential products or services is shown to survey respondents and by analyzing how they make preferences between these products, the implicit valuation of the individual elements making up the product or service can be determined. These implicit valuations (utilities or part-worths) can be used to create market models that estimate market share, revenue and even profitability of new designs. Conjoint Analysis – Attribute Importance To view detailed conjoint analysis Go to: Login » Surveys » Reports » Choice Modelling » Conjoint Analysis Calculating Attribute Importance Sometimes we want to characterize the relative importance of each attribute. We can do this by considering how much difference each attribute could make in the total utility of a product. That difference is the range in the attribute’s utility values. Importance measures are ratio-scaled,but they are also relative,study-speciﬁc measures. An attribute with an importance of twenty percent is twice as important as an attribute with an importance of ten, given the set of attributes and levels used in the study. That is to say, importance has a meaningful zero point,as do all percentages. But when we compute an attribute’s importance,it is always relative to the other attributes being used in the study. And we can compare one attribute to another in terms of importance within a conjoint study but not across studies featuring different attribute lists. Example: Step 1: Calculate Attribute Utility Range Utility Range = Highest Utility Value of an attribute - Lowest Utility Value of an attribute For Price Range is calculated as 0.45-(-0.33) = 0.78 For Size Range is calculated as 0.22-(-0.24) = 0.46 For Brand Rage is calculated as 0.07-(-0.07) = 0.14 Step 2 : Calculate Total Attribute Utility Range Total Utility Range = ∑ Utility Range Total Attribute Utility Range = 0.78+0.46+0.14 = 1.38 Step 3: Calculating Relative Importance of attributes Relative Importance of attribute = (Attribute Utility Range/Total Attribute Utility Range)*100 Importance of Price = (0.78/1.38)*100 = 56.52% Rounded off to 57% Importance of Size = (0.46/1.38)*100 = 33.33% Rounded off to 33% Importance of Brand = (0.14/1.38)*100 =10.14% Rounded off to 10% Calculating Utility Value Conjoint utilities or part-worths are scaled to an arbitrary additive constant within each attribute and are interval data. The arbitrary origin of the scaling within each attribute results from dummy coding in the design matrix. We could add a constant to the part-worths for all levels of an attribute or to all attribute levels in the study, and it would not change our interpretation of the ﬁndings. When using a speciﬁc kind of dummy coding called effects coding, utilities are scaled to sum to zero within each attribute. Utility Value is calculated using part worth value. For every level of attribute summation of part worth is calculated. Then the average of the summation is taken to get the utility value of a particular level. Example: Utility value for size 36” is calculated by taking summation of Total part worths for 36” average of which will give utility value. Summation of total part worths of 36” = 0.74+0.67+0.60+0.53+0.46+0.39+0.28+0.21+0.14 = 4.02 Average = 4.02/9 which gives utility value of 0.45 for attribute size with level 36’’ Profiles A conjoint profile is a set of attributes with different levels that are displayed for selection. Respondents would be shown a set of products, prototypes, mockups, or pictures created from a combination of levels from all or some of the constituent attributes and asked to choose from the products they are shown. Each example is similar enough that consumers will see them as close substitutes, but dissimilar enough that respondents can clearly determine a preference. Each example is composed of a unique combination of product features. Under Conjoint Analysis, select the profile tab and you can view the best and worst profiles. The best profile is always displayed on the left and the worst profile on the right. In between, you can select a custom profile to see how it compares with the best and the worst profile. For the selected profile, you can see the percentage point difference between the best profile and the selected profile in red. The percentage point difference between the worst profile and the selected profile is displayed in green. You can also limit/narrow down on the profiles by selecting specific levels for the attributes. Attribute and level with highest Total Part Worth Value will be selected as the Best Profile and the one with lowest Total Part Worth value will be selected as the Worst Profile. Calculating Part-Worths Values We use the following algorithm to calculate CBC Conjoint Part-Worths: Notation Let there be R respondents, with individuals r = 1 ... R Let each respondent see T tasks, with t = 1 ... T Let each task t have C configurations (or concepts), with c = 1 ... C (C in our case is usually 3 or 4) If we have A attributes, a = 1 to A, with each attribute having La levels, l = 1 to La, then the part-worth for a particular attribute/level is w’(a,l). It is this (jagged array) of part worths we are solving for in this exercise. We can simplify this to a one-dimensional array w(s), where the elements are:{w’(1,1), w’(1,2) ... w’(1,L1), w’(2,1) ... w’(A,LA)} with w having S elements. A specific configuration x can be represented as a one-dimensional array x(s), where x(s)=1 if the specific level/attribute is present, and 0 otherwise. Let Xrtc represent the specific configuration of the cth configuration in the tth task for the rth respondent. Thus the experiment design is represented by the four dimensional matrix X with size RxTxCxS If respondent r chooses configuration c in task t then let Yrtc=1; otherwise 0. Utility Of A Specific Configuration The Utility Ux of a specific configuration is the sum of the part-worths for those attribute/levels present in the configuration, i.e. it is the scalar product x.w The Multinomial Logit Model For a simple choice between two configurations, with utilities U1 and U2, the MNL model predicts that configuration 1 will be chosen EXP(U1)/(EXP(U1) + EXP(U2)) of the time (a number between 0 and 1). For a choice between N configurations, configuration 1 will be chosen EXP(U1)/(EXP(U1) + EXP(U2) + ... + EXP(UN)) of the time. Modeled Choice Probability Let the choice probability (using MNL model) of choosing the cth configuration in the tth task for the rth respondent be: Prtc=EXP(xrtc.w)/SUM(EXP(xrt1.w), EXP(xrt2.w), ... , EXP(xrtC.w)) Log-likelihood Measure The Log-Likelihood measure LL is calculated as: Prtc is a function of the part-worth vector w, which is the set of part-worths we are solving for. Solving For Part-worths Using Maximum Likelihood We solve for the part-worth vector by finding the vector w that gives the maximum value for LL. Note that we are solving for S variables. This is a multi-dimensional non-linear continuous maximization problem, and requires a standard solver library. We use the Nelder-Mead Simplex Algorithm. The Log-Likelihood function should be implemented as a function LL(w, Y, X), and then optimized to find the vector w that gives us a maximum. The responses Y, and the design X are given, and constant for a specific optimization. Initial values for w can be set to the origin 0. The final part-worths w are re-scaled so that the part-worths for any attribute have a mean of zero, simply by subtracting the mean of the part-worths for all levels of each attribute. Market Segmentation Simulator The Conjoint Simulator is by far the most interesting aspect of Conjoint Analysis. This gives you the ability to "predict" the market share of new products and concepts that may not exist today. This also gives you the ability to measure the "Gain" or "Loss" in market share based on changes to existing products in the given market. The first step in Conjoint Simulation is identifying and describing the different products or concepts that you want to investigate. We call these "Profiles". As mentioned earlier, any product or concept can be identified or created using the Attributes and Levels that have been defined for the study. For the purposes of the Conjoint Simulator, a product or concept comprises of all the Attributes and one level from each of the attributes. For example one of the profiles could be: Brand - Sony, Price - $899, Size - 42" In most cases we would want to find out all the existing products that are available in that market segment and simulate the market share of the products to establish a baseline. Once this is established, it would be a good starting point for trying out new services and ideas and see how the market share shifts based on new products and configurations. Go To : Login » Surveys » Reports » Choice Modelling » Conjoint Analysis Click on Market Share Simulation. Add profile as shown below and click on Run Simulation button. This provides the report with Vote Count and Market Share of respective concept. Calculations for Vote Count Download Export Market Segmentation Report from the Download options. Price Elasticity How much more will a customer pay for a Samsung versus an LG television? Assigning price as an attribute and tying that to an attribute returns a model for a $ per utility distribution. This is leveraged to compute the actual dollar amount relative to any attribute. When the analysis is done relative to brand, you get to put a price on your brand. What is Price Elasticity? Price elasticity relates to the aggregate demand for a product and the shape of the demand curve. It is a characteristic of a product in a market. The way we calculate is plotting the demand (Frequency Count / Total Response) at different levels of price. How to setup Brand Premium? Add the conjoint question. Under Feature Type, select the Feature Type as Brand or Cost/Price. Now you can check the Brand Premium under Login » Surveys » Reports » Choice Modelling » Conjoint Analysis » Brand Premium Select Price Elasticity against, Brand or Size. Price Elasticity Calculation Example: Brand Sony at price $800 gives 57% Download Export Displayed Concepts Report from the Download Options. Price Elasticity = Count of Unique Response ID for a particular feature level with selected is 1/Total Response Collected Hence Price Elasticity for sony with price = $800 is 4/7 = 57% We suggest not including more than about five levels to describe an attributes. We provide an offline report for conjoint analysis if the total level count exceeds 25. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Conjoint attribute importance
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/conjoint-analysis-attribute-importance.html
Summary:  Conjoint Analysis – Attribute Importance 

Conjoint Analysis – Attribute Importance What is Attribute Importance in a Conjoint question type? Attribute Importance is also known as Relative Importance, this shows which attributes of a product or service are more or less important when making a purchasing decision. By understanding attribute importance, businesses can prioritize product development efforts, optimize marketing strategies, and make informed pricing decisions to better cater to customer preferences. Moreover, it can help identify key drivers of customer satisfaction and develop products that align closely with their target market's desires. With QuestionPro, you can access the Attribute Importance analysis as shown below: Click to download video How to access Attribute Importance analysis in a Conjoint question type? Click on Analytics Go To: Choice Modelling » Conjoint Analysis Select the question for which analysis is required and click on Next Step Attribute Importance analysis will be displayed by default as shown below: Here Importance of each Feature will be calculated and next to which Levelswill be displayed with their individual utility values Calculation of Attribute Importance Sometimes we want to characterize the relative importance of each attribute. We can do this by considering how much difference each attribute could make in the total utility of a product. That difference is the range in the attribute’s utility values. Importance measures are ratio-scaled,but they are also relative,study-speciﬁc measures. An attribute with an importance of twenty percent is twice as important as an attribute with an importance of ten, given the set of attributes and levels used in the study. That is to say, importance has a meaningful zero point,as do all percentages. But when we compute an attribute’s importance,it is always relative to the other attributes being used in the study. And we can compare one attribute to another in terms of importance within a conjoint study but not across studies featuring different attribute lists. Example: Step 1: Calculate Attribute Utility Range Utility Range = Highest Utility Value of an attribute - Lowest Utility Value of an attribute For Price Range is calculated as 0.25-(-0.38) = 0.63 For Size Range is calculated as 0.30-(-0.25) = 0.55 For Brand Rage is calculated as 0.22-(-0.15) = 0.37 Step 2 : Calculate Total Attribute Utility Range Total Utility Range = ∑ Utility Range Total Attribute Utility Range = 0.63+0.55+0.37 = 1.55 Step 3: Calculating Relative Importance of attributes Relative Importance of attribute = (Attribute Utility Range/Total Attribute Utility Range)*100 Importance of Price = (0.63/1.55)*100 = 40.64% Rounded off to 41% Importance of Size = (0.55/1.55)*100 = 35.48% Rounded off to 36% Importance of Brand = (0.37/1.55)*100 =23.87% Rounded off to 24% Calculating Utility Value Conjoint utilities or part-worths are scaled to an arbitrary additive constant within each attribute and are interval data. The arbitrary origin of the scaling within each attribute results from dummy coding in the design matrix. We could add a constant to the part-worths for all levels of an attribute or to all attribute levels in the study, and it would not change our interpretation of the ﬁndings. When using a speciﬁc kind of dummy coding called effects coding, utilities are scaled to sum to zero within each attribute. Utility Value is calculated using part worth value. For every level of attribute summation of part worth is calculated. Then the average of the summation is taken to get the utility value of a particular level. Example: Utility value for USD 1500 is calculated by taking summation of Total part worths for USD 1500 average of which will give utility value. Summation of total part worths of USD 1500 = 0.77+0.47+0.40+0.41+0.22+0.12+0.05+(-0.08)+(-0.15)=2.21 Average = 2.21/9 which gives utility value of 0.25 for attribute price USD 1500 License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Conjoint profiles
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/conjoint-analysis-profile.html
Summary: Conjoint Analysis – Profiles 

Conjoint Analysis – Profiles What are Profiles in a Conjoint question type? Profiles in a Conjoint question type are different configurations that are presented to respondents. Each profile is a combination of different levels of various attributes (For example, Brand, Cost, Features). By evaluating these profiles, respondents reveal their preferences and trade-offs, allowing researchers to estimate the relative importance of each attribute and its levels in influencing consumer choice. With QuestionPro, you can access Profiles in a Conjoint question type as shown below: Click to download video How to access Profiles for a Conjoint question type? Click on Analytics Select: Conjoint Analysis from the Analysis dropdown Select the question for which analysis is required and click on Next Step Click on the second tab, which is, Profiles and results will be displayed as shown below: The best profile is always displayed on the left and the worst profile on the right. In between, you can select a custom profile to see how it compares with the best and the worst profile. If any pair is selected in the prohibited pairs list, it will not be displayed in the best, worst, or custom profile. If users still want to see the prohibited pairs, they can enable the ‘Include Prohibited Pairs’ option provided. For the selected profile, the percentage point difference between the best profile and the selected profile is displayed in red. On the other hand, the percentage point difference between the worst profile and the selected profile is displayed in green. Note: The attribute and level with the highest Total Part Worth Value will be selected as the Best Profile, and the one with the lowest Total Part Worth Value will be selected as the Worst Profile. How are Part-Worths calculated? We use the following algorithm to calculate CBC Conjoint Part-Worths: Notation Let there be R respondents, with individuals r = 1 ... R Let each respondent see T tasks, with t = 1 ... T Let each task t have C configurations (or concepts), with c = 1 ... C (C in our case is usually 3 or 4) If we have A attributes, a = 1 to A, with each attribute having La levels, l = 1 to La, then the part-worth for a particular attribute/level is w’(a,l). It is this (jagged array) of part worths we are solving for in this exercise. We can simplify this to a one-dimensional array w(s), where the elements are:{w’(1,1), w’(1,2) ... w’(1,L1), w’(2,1) ... w’(A,LA)} with w having S elements. A specific configuration x can be represented as a one-dimensional array x(s), where x(s)=1 if the specific level/attribute is present, and 0 otherwise. Let Xrtc represent the specific configuration of the cth configuration in the tth task for the rth respondent. Thus the experiment design is represented by the four dimensional matrix X with size RxTxCxS If respondent r chooses configuration c in task t then let Yrtc=1; otherwise 0. Utility Of A Specific Configuration The Utility Ux of a specific configuration is the sum of the part-worths for those attribute/levels present in the configuration, i.e. it is the scalar product x.w The Multinomial Logit Model For a simple choice between two configurations, with utilities U1 and U2, the MNL model predicts that configuration 1 will be chosen EXP(U1)/(EXP(U1) + EXP(U2)) of the time (a number between 0 and 1). For a choice between N configurations, configuration 1 will be chosen EXP(U1)/(EXP(U1) + EXP(U2) + ... + EXP(UN)) of the time. Modeled Choice Probability Let the choice probability (using MNL model) of choosing the cth configuration in the tth task for the rth respondent be: Prtc=EXP(xrtc.w)/SUM(EXP(xrt1.w), EXP(xrt2.w), ... ,EXP(xrtC.w)) Log-likelihood Measure The Log-Likelihood measure LL is calculated as: Prtc is a function of the part-worth vector w, which is the set of part-worths we are solving for. Solving For Part-worths Using Maximum Likelihood We solve for the part-worth vector by finding the vector w that gives the maximum value for LL. Note that we are solving for S variables. This is a multi-dimensional non-linear continuous maximization problem, and requires a standard solver library. We use the Nelder-Mead Simplex Algorithm. The Log-Likelihood function should be implemented as a function LL(w, Y, X), and then optimized to find the vector w that gives us a maximum. The responses Y, and the design X are given, and constant for a specific optimization. Initial values for w can be set to the origin 0. The final part-worths w are re-scaled so that the part-worths for any attribute have a mean of zero, simply by subtracting the mean of the part-worths for all levels of each attribute. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Conjoint brand premium and price elasticity
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/conjoint-analysis-brand-premium.html
Summary: Conjoint Analysis – Brand Premium

Conjoint Analysis – Brand Premium How much more will a customer pay for a Samsung versus an LG television? Assigning price as an attribute and tying that to an attribute returns a model for a $ per utility distribution. This is leveraged to compute the actual dollar amount relative to any attribute. When the analysis is done relative to brand, you get to put a price on your brand. What is Price Elasticity? Price elasticity relates to the aggregate demand for a product and the shape of the demand curve. It is a characteristic of a product in a market. The way we calculate this is by plotting the demand (Frequency Count / Total Response) at different levels of price. How to set up Brand Premium? Add the conjoint question. Under Feature Type, select the Feature Type as Brand or Cost/Price. Now you can check the Brand Premium under Login » Surveys » Analytics » Conjoint Analysis from Analysis drop-down» Brand Premium Select Price Elasticity against Brand or Size. Price Elasticity Calculation Example: Brand Sony at price $800 gives 57% Download Export Displayed Concepts Report from the Download Options. For Brand = Sony (Numeric Coding = 1) and price = $800 (Numeric Coding = 1) Hence in the report downloaded we filter price and brand with 1 and take the unique count of response IDs with selected = 1. Overall we have 8 counts with selected = 1 of which actually there are 4 unique response ID(35336485,35336531,35363723,35363730). Total responses collected = 7 Price Elasticity = Count of Unique Response ID for a particular feature level with selected is 1/Total Response Collected Hence Price Elasticity for Sony with price = $800 is 4/7 = 57% License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Integrating QuestionPro to MTurk
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/MTurk.html
Summary: QuestionPro - MTurk Integration

QuestionPro - MTurk Integration What is MTurk? Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk) is a crowdsourcing marketplace that makes it easier for individuals and businesses to outsource their processes and jobs to a distributed workforce who can perform these tasks virtually. This could include anything from conducting simple data validation and research to more subjective tasks like survey participation, content moderation, and more. MTurk enables companies to harness the collective intelligence, skills, and insights from a global workforce to streamline business processes, augment data collection and analysis, and accelerate machine learning development. Alternatives to MTruck for your respondent panel.- QuestionPro Audience .https://www.questionpro.com/audience/ Steps to connect QuestionPro to MTurk Step 1 Paste the survey link from QuestionPro on MTurk, you’ll want to start from the Survey Link template. This enables you to post a task (HIT) on MTurk that directs Workers to your survey. Step 2 You will be prompted to provide a name, description, and keywords for your survey, be as descriptive as possible and include an estimate of how long your survey will take. You can then specify how much you will pay for each response and the number of respondents (Workers) you want to participate in your survey. Step 3 Select Auto-Approval settings for your Project. This value tells MTurk how long to wait before automatically approving a Worker’s response. If you set this value too short, you may not leave yourself enough time to fully review Workers’ responses before they are automatically approved. If you set this value too long, Workers may become frustrated at the delay in receiving payment upon completion of the survey. Customers conducting surveys tend to find that three days is a good balance, but please adjust to suit your survey requirements. Tracking responses You can do this either by providing Workers with a unique completion code or collecting a Worker’s ID in the survey itself. A unique completion code when complete you can then direct Workers to provide it in the MTurk task when they are done. You can then link the survey response to the Worker in your results. Instructions for doing this with QuestionPro are below Assigning Random IDs to Respondents You may need to create a random ID for each of your respondents. This is useful if you are running a study with MTurk where you ask respondents to prove their completion with an ID. To generate a Random ID there are a few steps. First select Survey Options in the menu for your survey. Generating a Completion Code in QuestionPro To generate a unique completion code here are a few steps. Go to the question in your survey that asks Workers for their Worker ID or email address and click on logic: Step 2 Step 3 In order to Display the Embedded Data in a question click the question to edit it. Add custom code on the Thank you page, to show the unique code after completing the survey. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Bulk Add Users
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/bulk-add-users.html
Summary: Bulk Add Users

Bulk Add Users How to add users in bulk? Link Copied QuestionPro provides two ways to add users in bulk: Manually add users Import users via CSV file How to add users in bulk manually? Link Copied To add users manually, please follow the steps below: Go to Surveys >> Organization >> Users Click on the + Add User button In the pop-up, add the email address of the user, select the role and team Click on the "+" icon on the right to add more fields Finally, click on the Add User button How to import users in bulk via CSV file? Link Copied To import users via CSV file, please follow the steps below: Go to Surveys >> Organization >> Users Click on the + Add User button In the pop-up, go to Upload tab Download the sample file from the pop-up. Fill in the details in the sample file Uplaod the sample file back in the pop-up Finally, click on the Add User button Can I edit a user's details? Link Copied Yes. As a primary account you can edit the user by following the steps below: Go to Surveys >> Organization >> Users Click on the email address of the user or three dots on the right hand side of the user Edit the details and click on the Save Changes button License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---
