QuestionPro Help — Surveys: Advanced Features
Source: QuestionPro Help (surveys.questionpro.com)
Articles: 119
============================================================

## Media library
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/image-library.html
Summary: Media Library - How to upload images and files

Media Library - How to upload images and files The media library is a repository of uploaded images, documents and any other media files that can be accessed and used anywhere across the QuestionPro platform. How to upload or add files to the media library? To upload images or files go to: Login » Survey » Edit Under the Edit tab, click on Media Library You can select a folder to upload your image to or also add a new folder Once you have selected or created a folder, you can click to add or drag and drop files anywhere on the page. The files will be uploaded and can now be used across the platform. Files uploaded to media library are publicly accessible. Please do not upload any private or sensitive files to the media library. Click here to learn more about encrypted media URLs. The following file types can be uploaded. Types Extension License Level Images GIF, JPG, JPEG, PNG, BMP, WEBP All Paid Audio MP3, WAV Advanced and above Video M4V, M4A, MP4, MOV, AVI, WEBM Advanced and above Documents / Other TXT, DOC, DOCX, XLS, XLSX,PPT, PPTX, PDF Advanced and above Fonts TTF, OTF, WOFF, WOFF2 Research Edition The following are the storage limits License Level Storage Limit Essentials 100 MB Advanced 1 GB Team Edition* 5 GB Research Edition* 5 GB * Shared across all users within the organization. Please contact your account manager to add more storage space. What is the maximum size limit for an individual file that can be uploaded? 100MB. We allow individual files up to 100MB in size. For larger files, you can upload them on any external platform like google drive, dropbox, etc and use the public link for the file on your surveys if needed. Smaller the file size, faster it will load! How to add an image on a survey question? You can add an image on your survey questions or answer options. Click on the text and you can click on the image icon. On the popup, you can either upload a new image or select from an image from your media library. The image will be added to your survey question or answer option as selected. What options are available for the images and other files? Image/file options can be accessed by clicking on the more (vertical ellipsis) icon. The following options are available: View Details: This will open the image preview with all file details. Get Link: Click on the get link option and the image/file URL will be copied to the clipboard. Get HTML: Clicking on get html will copy the HTML for the image/file to clipboard. You can use this on the email invitation or on the survey to display or link files. Set as Logo: Click on this option to use the image as logo for the survey. Rename: Use this option to rename the file. Download: Download the file by clicking on this option. Delete: Delete the file. Can I move files to a different folder? Yes. Under Media Library, make sure you are in the list view. Select the files you wish to move and click on the Move option. Select the folder where you want to move the files. Can I share my media library folders with others within the organization? Yes. You can share your folder with anyone within your organization. Click on the Share Folder option for the folder. On the popup, you can select who you want to share with. Only specific users or teams, or Everyone within your organization Save your sharing preferences What is the common files folder? The common files folder is a system folder which is shared by default with the entire organization. All files added to this folder will be shared with everyone by default. All users can add files to this folder, however, only the organization admin can delete files from this folder. Organization admins can disable the common files folder by switching off the toggle for 'Share with everyone'. Folder options To manage folders, you can click on the kebab (three vertical dots) menu to access options for the folder. Rename: Rename the folder Delete: Delete the folder Set as default: Set the folder as the default folder. This will open the set folder whenever you access the media library or when adding/uploading images. I don't see the option to delete my files. If the file is moved to a shared folder, it cannot be deleted. Please move it out of a shared folder and then you can delete the file. Or you can ask your organization admin to delete files. You will not be able to delete files added by other users. Please ask the organization admin or the user who uploaded the file to delete it. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Question randomization
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/question-randomization.html
Summary: Question Randomization

Question Randomization Overview Randomization is a research technique which is used to overcome order bias- the bias that can result due to the order of answer choices. Respondents tend to favour choices at the beginning and at the end of a list because they are more memorized. First items may also be chosen by respondents to save time. Order bias can be took into account by randomizing the order in which the answer choices are presented. How to randomize questions within a block? Follow the steps below to randomize the questions within a section: Click on Question Randomization under block options. In the pop-up, you can see all the questions present under Current Display Order category, which will always be displayed in the same order as presented in the list. You can use the up and down arrows to the left, to reorder the selected question You can use the left and right arrows in front of the respective randomization option to add the selected question into those category. Finally, click on the Save button to save the question randomization. To test the randomization set up you can use the preview option for that block. Randomization Categories There are three randomization categories: Random : To randomly display all the questions you have placed under this option. Random Subset : To display limited questions from the list of questions you have placed under this option. Do Not Display : To hide the question(s) which you have placed under this option. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Add Questions From a Document
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/add-questions-from-document.html
Summary: Create Survey From Doc, Add Questions from document, PDF, Word, Google Doc

Add questions from a document QuestionPro AI allows you to build your surveys in less than a minute instead of hours or days needed earlier. If you have your survey questions and answers in a document, you can import the document and create the questions using QuestionPro AI. If you have your survey questions and answers in a word doc or PDF or in an excel file or have the URL for any shared public document, QuestionPro AI will read the document and create your Survey. There is no need to format the question and answers in any special format. This functionality is currently released in ALPHA and under testing. BETA release is expected in March 2026. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Standard question types
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/standard-question-types.html
Summary: Standard question types

Standard question types QuestionPro has 29 standard (basic) questions to build a perfect survey. Here is the list of standard question types with a brief description. For detailed description, click on each question type to visit the complete help page. Multiple choice : Multiple choice questions are used where respondents can select an answer from multiple options displayed below the question. Multiple choice (select one) : This question allows your respondents to select a single answer option. Radio buttons are used for single select type questions. If the question has a long list of answer options, for example, a list of countries, then drop-down menu can be used for a multiple choice select one question. Multiple choice (select many) : This question allows your respondents to select multiple answer options. Checkboxes are used for multiple select type questions. If the question has a long list of answer options (more than 10 options), then select list can be set as the answer type from the settings. Text: This is an open-ended text question where users can provide inputs in single word, short sentences, or paragraphs. Comment box : This is an open-ended text question where users can input longer text responses. For example, you can use a comment box question for collecting feedback where respondents can enter inputs in paragraphs. Email address : This question is used for email addresses. When validated, only valid email addresses will be accepted. Contact information : This question is used for gathering basic contact information, including first name, last name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. Graphical rating : Rating questions allow respondents to compare different items using a common rating scale or to compare a list of items to each other. Star rating : This question allows respondents to rank attributes on a visual scale of stars. Text slider : A text slider is an interactive question where rating values (dissatisfied-satisfied, unlikely-likely, poor-excellent, and many more) are represented on a bar. The respondents can drag the slider on the bar to set their rating value. Push to social : This question allows respondents to rate an item with the help of star rating, then, depending on the rating, a recommendation is displayed to the respondents to share their experience on social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter, and Yelp. Numeric slider : Similar to text slider, users can slide the bar to rate items. The rating value will be a numeric range. Thumbs Up/Down : This question allows you to ask the respondents whether they like or dislike an item asked in the question. The respondents can use a thumbs up or thumbs down image to help define the rating options. Smiley - rating : The smiley question is a 5-point rating scale, that allows you to capture sentiments of your respondents towards your products or services in the form of smiley images intended to represent a range of sentiments from negative to positive and vice versa. Basic Matrix: A matrix question is a group of individual questions that share the same answer options. Multi-point scales : This question can be used when we want the respondents to select only one option for each row by clicking on the radio buttons. Checkbox/Multi-select : This question allows the respondents to select multiple answer options from each row in the matrix question. Spreadsheet : This question uses text boxes in the answer option that allow the respondents to enter text inputs. Ordering: Questions scale Rank Order allows you to qualify a set of brands or products based on a specific attribute or characteristic. Rank order : Rank order scaling questions allow a certain set of brands or products to be ranked based upon a specific attribute or characteristic. Constant sum : A constant sum question permits respondents to enter numeric values for list of items that are then summed for a total value. This is used to see the allocation of a value into several items. For example, the revenue generated from different regions (North America, Europe, APAC) summing up to the total revenue. Drag and drop : Respondents can drag and drop the answer choices to re-order them as per their preferential order. Image chooser : Image questions allow you to show a visualization of the answer options for respondents to review and select. Instead of selecting a radio button, respondents can scroll over the image and pick the one that best suits their answer. Image chooser (select one) : This is a multiple choice single select question where you can add images in the answer options along with the text. Radio buttons are used for single select type questions. Answer option orientation can either be vertical (default setting) or horizontal. Image chooser (select many) : This is a multiple choice multi-select question which has images next to the answer options. Check boxes are used for Image Chooser multiple select type questions. Answer option orientation can either be vertical (default setting) or horizontal. Rating : Ask users to select one or more images from a set of images presented. Static content Presentation text: Presentation text is text that can be used as messages, instructions or headings in your survey. It can also be used to visually separate sections in your survey. The section headings can also be used in the reports to help visually see groups of questions. Section heading: To group the survey into sections and to enhance the look of the survey you can add section/page headers to the survey. Section sub-heading: To group the survey into sections and to enhance the look of the survey you can add section/page headers to the survey. Presentation/ heading question type is used only for display purpose. No user input is expected. Misc Date / Time : This question provides a drop-down menu for date selection. You can also enable display time to where respondent can enter the time. This question allows the respondents to enter a date as an input, for example, birthdate or schedule meeting (date and time). reCAPTCHA : This question allows to validate the respondent is an actual respondent and not a bot designed to submit random answers to a form or survey. Calendar : This question is similar to a date/time question. But, instead of a drop-down, the respondents can pick a date from a calendar. Maps : It is much easier for the respondents to select their location by using the clickable interactive maps. Just by rolling the mouse over a certain part of the map, the respondent can instantly select that area from the pop-up text, links, and images. Timer : Page timer question can be used to manage and track the time spent by respondents on each page. Page timer can be used on tests, quizzes or surveys where you want respondents to spend specific amount of time. Page timer should be added as the last question on page. An automatic page break is applied on the page timer question. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Image question type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/image-question.html
Summary: Image question

Image question Image questions allow you to show a visualization of the answer options for respondents to review and select. Instead of selecting a radio button, respondents can scroll over the image and pick the one that best suits their answer. There are two types of image questions: Image chooser (Select One) - Allow respondents to select a single image from choices offered. Image chooser (Select Many) - respondents select multiple images from the choices offered. How do I add image questions? To add image questions: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the add question button. Under Basic Question Types » Image Chooser, click on image chooser (Select One). The Image chooser (select one) question will appear on your survey. The options for image chooser (select many) questions come with Checkboxes. Add option: Click on the Add Option to add answer choices. Edit image in the option: Click on the image box to edit an image. A pop-up will appear showing “my library” containing all the images uploaded to your Media Library. You can either select an image from My Library or you can upload a new image. Edit options in bulk: Click on the Edit options in bulk on the bottom-right of the question, above delete icon. A window to edit options in bulk will appear. This option helps to edit answer options in bulk. We can copy and paste the list of answer options directly in this field. Image chooser (select many): If you want the respondent to select multiple options, then you can add an image chooser (select many) question. The options for image chooser (select many) questions come with checkboxes. How do the image questions appear to the respondents while taking the survey? For the respondents taking the survey, the image questions appear as follows: Settings options for image chooser question The settings options for the image chooser questions allow you to customize the question according to your requirements. You can use the following options for customizing image chooser questions: Answer type: You can choose the answer type as radio button (select one) or checkbox (multi-select). Image size: You can choose the image size from the following options available in the drop-down: Auto-size to window Small Medium Large Custom (allows you to edit the height and width of the images) By default, image size is set to Auto-size to window, With this option the image re-adjusts its size to fit into the screen size of the device on which the survey is being taken. Layout: You can select the number of columns in which you want to display the images from the drop-down. The number of columns ranges from 1 to 5 columns. Answer display order: You can select the answer display order from the following option available in the drop-down: Default Ascending Descending Random (with the option to apply a specific number of randomization to overall answer options) Advanced randomization Alternate Flip Question Tips: You can enable this option to use pop-up tips for providing additional information for the question in order to guide respondents during the survey. How do I view a report of the image question? Image chooser question report shows the responses received in the form of charts (pie, bar, column, line) with a table containing the count and percent of responses for each answer option. The report can be either viewed on the dashboard report or download raw data in Excel or CSV formats. To view the report on the dashboard: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. You can see the report for image chooser (select one) question as follows: You can change the chart type as per your needs from the drop-down shown above. You can also view the report in Excel or CSV format by downloading the raw data from dashboard. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Date and time question type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/date-and-time-question-type.html
Summary: Date and time question

Date and time question Date and time question allows your respondents to enter a date by selecting month, day and year from the respective drop-downs. This format enables tools to filter data based on the dates entered by respondents. How do I add date and time question? To add the date and time question: Go to: Login » Survey (Select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on add question button. Under basic question types » misc, click on Date/Time question. Date and time question will appear on your survey. Validation: When you add questions to a survey, by default, validation option is turned off. When validation option is not enabled, respondents can continue with the survey without selecting answers. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the response is still considered as complete. You can enable validation option to make a question required so that respondents can continue with the survey only after responding to the questions. Force response By selecting the validation option you can see a popup with the following options: None, Force Response and Request Response. By default the "None" option is selected. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the image below. Request Response: When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. Settings options for date and time question You can customize the date and time question as per your requirements. On the date and time question, click on settings. Here, you will see the following options to customize date and time question: Date Time Enable 24 hour format Default to today's date Select date format Order Year range Question display Question tips How do the date and time questions appear to the respondents while taking the survey? For the respondents taking survey, the date and time questions appear as follows: Report You can view the report for date and time question on the dashboard. To view the report: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. You can see the report for date and time question as follows: In the above report, the center column displays the response IDs of each respondent and the right-most column displays the date entered by each respondents. By clicking on share (on the top-left corner of the date and time question report), a pop-up will appear from where you can share the report on social networking sites, share the URL of this report to individuals via email or personal messaging apps, or you can embed this report on a webpage. You can download the report in Excel or CSV format from the dashboard. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## reCAPTCHA question type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/captcha-question.html
Summary: reCAPTCHA question 

reCAPTCHA question reCAPTCHA stands for Completely Automated Public Turing Test to tell Computers and Humans Apart. It is a type of challenge-response test used in computing to determine whether the user is a human or not. reCAPTCHA tests are used to prevent automated programs from using various types of computing services or collecting certain types of sensitive information. How can I add a CAPTCHA question to my survey? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on the Add Question button. Select the Captcha question type from the Misc group under the Basic question types. Adding a Captcha question also adds a mandatory page break after the question. CAPTCHA questions are always validated (meaning they always require a response). When respondents access the survey, they will need to pass captcha to proceed with the survey. How is the data stored for the CAPTCHA question type? We use Google reCAPTCHA to distinguish between human and automated access. We do not capture or store any PII data for respondents and only save the result of the question type as PASS. If CAPTCHA fails, the response is not captured and respondents are not allowed to proceed with the survey any further. To know more about how Google reCAPTCHA works, you can visit: Google reCAPTCHA License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Net Promoter Score question type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/net-promoter-score-question-type.html
Summary: Net Promoter Score question type

Net Promoter Score question type The Net Promoter Score (NPS) is a scoring model developed by Bain and Co. consultant Frederick F. Reichheld that allows you to identify how willing a customer is to recommend a product or service. It asks respondents to rate on a scale from 0 to 10. The scale is then divided into three sections: Promoters Passives Detractors The system will then calculate the aggregate responses of each of the three categories as well as the “Net Promoter Score” (calculated as Promoters minus Detractors). How do I add a Net Promoter Score type question to my survey? To add an NPS question to your survey: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the Add Question button. Under Add Question, select Advanced question types. Here, select the Net Promoter Score question type under Customer Satisfaction By default, the NPS question scale is a 0-10 rating scale. You can choose to change the scale under Settings The following scale options are available. Rating Scale Detractors Passives Promoters 0-10 Rating 0-6 Rating 7 or 8 Rating 9 or 10 1-10 Rating 1-6 Rating 7 or 8 Rating 9 or 10 1-7 Rating 1-5 Rating 6 Rating 7 1-5 Rating 1-3 Rating 4 Rating 5 How to enable validation for this question? Validation: By default, the validation option is turned off. Respondents can skip and move ahead in the survey without answering the question. You can enable validation if you don't want to allow respondents to skip this question. By enabling the validation option you can see a drop-down with the following options. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required. The respondents cannot finish the survey without answering a mandatory question. When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue the survey without answering. How does the NPS question appear for the respondents in your survey? The respondents can see the NPS question as shown below: Here, the respondents need to click on the score that they wish to give. How do I view the report for the NPS question? To view the report for the NPS question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. The report for the NPS question is shown below: In the above report, you can see the Net Promoter Details and Net Promoter Score. Net Promoter Details: This includes the count and percentage of responses received for the three sections of the NPS scale (Promoter, Passives and Detractors). Net Promoter Score: NPS is calculated by deducting the percentage of responses for Detractors from that of Promoters. In this case, Promoters got 52% responses and Detractors got 15% responses. Hence, NPS is 40% (NPS = 52% - 15%). You can also download the raw data in Excel or CSV format. You can see the responses for the NPS question underneath the red box in the above image. How do I customize NPS scoring model? To customize the NPS scoring model: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. The report for the NPS question is shown as follows: Click on the gear icon (shown in red box). A pop-up will appear. Under customize analytics/computed values click on custom scoring model. Here, you can click on the drop-down for the respective rating and select the scoring model value that you want to change. Click on Save Scoring Model Value. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Van Westendorp's price sensitivity question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/van-westendorp-price-sensitivity-question-type.html
Summary: Van Westendorp - Price Sensitivity Question Type

Van Westendorp - Price Sensitivity Question Type The Van Westendorp method uses a series of questions, given to respondents to identify key psychological price points to understand how much they’re willing to pay for a product. It enables the marketer to see a range of prices that might be appropriate, and to see the fall off in consumer interest that occurs as price rises. It can be particularly useful if the marketer is contemplating a change in pricing, or wants to understand consumer perceptions of own products vs. a competitor’s products. Click to download video How do I setup Van Westendorp question type? To add Van Westendorp question type, follow below mentioned steps: Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on add question button Under Advanced question types » Pricing Analysis, click on Van Westendorp question. Customize the question text and answer values as per requirement Validation: By default, validation option is turned off. Respondents can skip and move ahead in the survey without answering the question. You can enable validation if you don't want to allow respondents to skip this question. By enabling validation option you can see a drop-down with options - force response and request response. Force response option makes a question mandatory/required, as shown in the above image. The respondents cannot finish survey without answering a mandatory question. When you select request response, the respondent gets a pop-up in case a question is not answered, requesting to answer the question or continue survey without answering. Under Settings, You can set minimum and maximum value that a respondent can enter as price. You can select 'Reverse Question Order' which will display 'Too Cheap" question first and then in similar manner, upto 'Too expensive' question You can also add Prefix or Suffix text boxes, if required. For example, USD for prefix How does Van Westendorp question work? While taking the survey, the respondent needs to enter the price that they consider for each category - too expensive, expensive/high side, cheap/good value and too cheap. Errors while taking survey While taking the survey, the respondent can face errors if: Value entered in any question is higher to that of the Max value set in settings Value entered in any question is lower to that of the Max value set in settings No value is entered for any of the four questions How do I view the report for Van Westendorp question? To view the report for Van Westendorp question: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard. You can see the following chart: In the above chart, the responses for too expensive, expensive, bargain and cheap categories can be seen. The blue part shows the acceptable range of prices for the product. Turn pricing perception into decisions with Van Westerndrop and Gabor-Granger <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Homunculus question type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/homunculus-question-type.html
Summary: Homunculus Question Type

Homunculus Question Type The Homunculus question type captures visual patient data, based on patients choosing the area of discomfort felt in the body. While still being part of short patient engagement surveys, this single question type can pinpoint 24 pain locations on the front and 29 locations on the back of the human body, allowing healthcare professionals to gain a preliminary, but clear idea of patient status. As a result, this leads the exam room conversations in greater detail and creates a more efficient and improved experience for those involved. Why It’s Useful Many of QuestionPro’s healthcare clients have found this question type to change the way they work with patients by using it in one of two ways: 1. On-Premise: Personal physical data is collected from the patient with a short survey by way of a tablet and the QuestionPro Offline App. Often, these surveys are taken while patients are in the waiting room, before meeting with the doctor, so that each appointment can be more productive and focused on building the doctor-patient relationship. 2. Remote Assistance: Because the development of technology has generated a new lifestyle around the world, remote doctor assistance has also become increasingly common. As remote doctors, several QuestionPro users send email surveys to patients with the intent to gain an initial understanding of the patient’s condition prior to starting a video conference. To add Homunculus question type: Go to: Login >> Surveys >> Edit >> Add Question >> Advanced >> Health Care Select Homunculus Question. Add/modify Area Ratings: We can delete or add new affected area that we want to display to the respondents in the Homunculus question type. We can edit the question code and question text. For modification, please click on “Add/modify Area Ratings”. Settings: We can edit the follow-up question text under settings. The choice text and color for marking these areas can be changed from “Settings”. The affected areas can be highlighted with 3 values: Low, Medium and High. License This feature is available with the following license : Contact Sales Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Predictive answer options
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/predictive-answer-options.html
Summary: Predictive Answer Options - QuestionPro AI

Predictive Answer Options - QuestionPro AI What are predictive answer options? We are making survey creation smarter and easier for you. Our self-learning AI engine will predict and auto-fill answer options based on the question text that you enter. How does predictive answer option work? When you add a multiple choice single select type question and type in: “What is your gender?” in the question text, our AI prediction engine will see a match and auto-fill the answer options with: Male Female If you do not want to accept predictions, you can click on the Discard option. You can also reverse the scale order by clicking on Reverse Order link. Discard and Reverse Order options are displayed temporarily and disappear after 10 seconds or when you click anywhere outside the question area. Can I edit the predicted answer options? Yes. Once answers are auto-filled, you can edit them, add options, or remove options. For example, for gender, we have autofilled Male and Female as the answer options, you can now add the 'Prefer not to answer' option by adding another option. How does prediction work? What is the secret sauce? Our AI engine is self-learning and improves with time. We initially have basic rules which will evolve with time and usage. If some combination is discarded numerous times, our prediction engine will pick it up and update/stop prediction for that combination. Newer rules and prediction combinations will get added based on usage. Which question types support predictive answer options? Currently, predictive answer options work for the following questions: Multiple Choice Single Select Matrix Single Select More questions will be added later on. Does predictive answer options work when editing questions? No. Prediction only works when you add a new question. If you are editing or copying questions, there will not be any changes made to your questions or answer options. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Page timer
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/page-timer-question.html
Summary: Set a time limit for each page in your survey

Page timer question Use the Page timer question to manage and track the time spent by respondents on each page. Page timer can be used on tests, quizzes, or surveys where you want respondents to spend a specific amount of time. For example, you want respondents to view a video before answering questions; you can set up a page timer, so respondents have to spend the specified time before moving forward. You can set a time for tests or quizzes so respondents cannot use other resources for finding answers. Click to download video How do I add a page timer? To add a Page Timer question to your survey: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the Add Question button. Click on the Advanced question types. Select the Timer question under Misc question types. For the page timer question, you can set the maximum, minimum and extended time limits. Max Time: This is the maximum time allowed to answer questions on the page. Min Time (optional): This is the minimum time respondents should spend on the page. The submit button gets disabled and respondents cannot submit response for the page before this time elapses. Extend Time (optional): You can allow users to add/extend time if you wish. Following Settings are available: Display Timer: Timer is displayed by default. Switch this off to hide the timer display. Timeout Action: By default, once the timer is up, the response will be submitted for the page and respondents will move to the next page. You can change this to terminate if you wish. Page timer should be added as the last question on the page. An automatic page break is applied on the page timer question. How does page timer work while answering the survey? Consider the following example survey: Q1: Name Q2: Email --- Page Break --- Q3: Quiz question A Q4: Quiz question B Q5: Quiz question C P1: Page timer 1 - 2 minutes --- Automatic Page Break --- Q6: Quiz question D Q7: Quiz question E Q8: Quiz question F Q9: Quiz question G P2: Page timer 2 - 3 minutes --- Automatic Page Break --- Q10: General question End of survey Step 1: Create your entire survey by adding questions Q1 through Q10. Step 2: Add a page break on the question after which you want the page timer to start. Add a page break on Q2 in the above example. Step 3: Add the page timer question after the last question on page. Add page timer after Q5 in the above example. Step 4: Add another timer question after Q9 in the above example. This will be the timer for the second quiz page. This will complete the setup. The quiz will work as follows: When respondents start the survey, they can answer the initial questions without the timer. Page timer P1 will start from Q3 and end either upon time out or as soon as respondents answer Q5 and submit their response. Page timer P2 will start from Q6 and end either upon time out or as soon as respondents answer Q9 and submit their response. Respondents can answer Q10 and submit their response. If 'Extend Time' is set to some value, it will be shown in below manner to the respondent: What does the reporting look like? Is the time on page saved? Yes. When you add the page timer question, time spent on page is recorded for each response in seconds. You can view this in the response viewer. Go to: Analytics Select the responses option from the drop-down under the dashboard. For each timer question, you will see the time on page in seconds. This information is also included in all raw data downloads. Page timer is currently not supported for the following special question types: Tube-pulse Max-Diff Conjoint Store Locator License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Attach Upload File Question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/attach-upload-file-question-type.html
Summary: Attach/Upload file question

Attach/Upload File Question The Attach/upload question type allows you to have your respondents upload files and/or documents as part of their survey response. This helps if you need additional information from respondents which they may have in digital document format. The uploaded files get saved in the database along with individual responses. This question type is great for recruitment surveys, where respondents can upload their CV or resume from the survey. How do I add an upload files question to my survey? Go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Workspace Click on the Add Question button. Under Advanced question types, select the Attach/Upload File type question. The question will be added to your survey. Click on Settings for the question to control the file types and number of files and other settings. Answer Type: Web/Online: Default file types allowing all types of files. Photo: Only image file types are allowed to be uploaded. Video: Only video file types are allowed to be uploaded. Audio: Only audio file types are allowed to be uploaded. File Types Extension Image / Logo .gif, .jpg, .png, .bmp Audio mp3 , aac, alac, 3gp, amr, wma, wav, mpeg Video m4v, mp4, mov, flv, avi, m4a, webm Documents / Other .txt, .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .ppt, .pptx, .pdf Due to security reasons, QuestionPro will not be able to support any other file types / extensions. Number of files: The file upload question allows up to 10 files to be uploaded with each question. What are the limits on the file size / type? The following are the limits based on your license level. License File size limitNumber of files per question Essentials 0 MB 0 Advanced 10 MB 1 Team Edition 10 MB Up to 10 Research 50 MB Up to 10 The above limits are for an individual file. These limits will count towards your total file size limit for your account. Where can I view/open/download the files collected? Go to: Analytics » Dashboard » Responses Under Responses, switch on the Display Questions toggle and you can scroll to the Attach/Upload file question to view/open the files uploaded. When you export any raw data files, the links for the files are also exported along with each response. Can I download the files collected in bulk? Yes. Go to: Analytics » Manage Data » Export Under Export, scroll down to: Image/Multimedia Export. Here, select the question and you can download the files in bulk. How are the file names uploaded by respondents maintained? The file name for respondent uploads varies based on the location of the file upload question within the survey. File Upload on the First Page (before the first page break): The uploaded file is named using a prefix indicating the first page, followed by a random number and the question ID. Format: FP-RandomNumber-QuestionID-ActualFileName Example: FP-70828999-31415926-MyDocument.pdf File Upload on Subsequent Pages (after the first page break): The uploaded file is named using the Response ID (which is generated only after the first page), followed by the question ID. Format: ResponseID-QuestionID-ActualFileName Example: 80085420-36569420-ProjectPhoto.jpg License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Constant Sum Question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/constant-sum-question-type.html
Summary: coming soon

Coming Soon Coming Soon License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Map Question Type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/maps-question-type.html
Summary: Maps - Question Type

Maps - Question Type The benefits of using interactive maps are immense. Such maps are completely capable of increasing the navigation and usefulness of your Surveys. It is much easier for the respondents to select their location by using the clickable interactive maps. Just by rolling the mouse over a certain part of the map, the respondent can instantly select that area from the pop-up text, links, and images. How to add a Map type question? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace Click on the Add Question button. Select the Maps question type under Misc group. Which maps are currently available? Currently, we have the following maps available: Africa Australia Austria Brazil Canada Chile China Europe France Germany India Mexico Russia Saudi Arabia South Africa Spain UAE UK UK Countries USA To change the map, click on the Settings link for the question. Select the required map from under the Change Map drop-down. Please contact support if you need any map that is not currently available. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Answer type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/answer-type.html
Summary: Answer type and layout

Answer type and layout QuestionPro provides the feature to change the answer type and layout after the question and answers are added. For example: If you have added a radio button question in the survey, but now you want to change it to a checkbox question, instead of deleting the question and re-adding it, you can directly change the question and answer type in the question settings section. Change the answer type: To change the answer type, go to: Survey » Workspace » Settings. Select the answer type. 1. Multiple choice view 2. Text 3. Text Slider and Matrix 4. Side-By-Side Matrix 5. Image Chooser 6. Static Content 7. Multi-Tier Lookup Table 8. Attach/Upload File Note: The options available will be different based on the question type selected. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Reorder questions
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/reorder-question.html
Summary: Reorder Questions - How to?

Reorder Questions - How to? When building your survey, you may want to move or reorder questions to a different order in your survey. You can do so very easily by dragging and dropping questions with our reorder questions tool. Your browser does not support the video tag. How do I reorder my questions? To reorder questions, go to: Login » Surveys » Edit Under Workspace, you can hover over any question that you wish to reorder and click on the more options icon to open the drop-down. On the popup, block and position where you want to move them. You can move multiple questions to their desired order and click on the save button to reorder. Reordering questions will affect logic and flow of the survey. If you have logic on the survey, please make sure you test the survey after reordering questions and reset logic if required. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Validate question
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/validate-question.html
Summary: Making a question required - Validation

Making a question required - validation You can use validation to force respondents to answer a question or request that they consider answering a question before they proceed to the next page. When validations are not enabled, respondents can continue to the next page without answering a question. If respondents go through all the pages in the survey without selecting answers, the response is still considered as complete. There are two types of validation: Force response and Request response. By default, validations are turned off. You can enable them for individual questions or in bulk using the review mode. How to make a question required (validated)? You can enable validation by going to each question in your survey and following the steps below: Click on the Validation link in the top-right corner of the question In the pop-up, select the type of validation and click the Apply button A new icon will be added on the question to represent the validation. You can click on the icon to change the validation type or add a custom validation message. Force Response This option forces respondents to answer the question before they can proceed to the next page of the survey. If they try to proceed without answering the question, they will see a message letting them know they must answer the question to proceed. To force response for the question, please follow the steps below: Go to Survey » Question, click on the Validation link for that question In the pop-up, select the Force Respondent option and click on the Apply button Force response questions are marked with an asterisk sign (*) Request Response This option will remind respondents to answer a question if they have skipped it so that they can go back and answer it before they proceed to the next page. To request the response for a question, please follow the steps below: Request response validation is available with the Advanced license and above. Go to Survey » Question, click on the Validation link for that question In the pop-up, select the Request Respondent option and click on the Apply button Request response questions are not marked with an asterisk sign (*) but the respondents get the pop-up notification if they forget to answer the question. The respondents can answer the question or continue without answering it. Can I customize the validation prompts? No, currently, we do not allow the customization of validation prompts. However, you can set the default validation message from the Design >> Display Settings. Can I edit questions in bulk to make them all required? You can make multiple questions required in bulk from Review Mode: Go to Survey » Edit » Tools » Review Mode Select the questions you wish to mark required, and click on Validation Add/Remove Validation License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Question separators
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/question-separators.html
Summary: Question separators

Question separators Adding question separators helps separate questions for a better look and feel. Removing separators results in the questions being displayed close to each other. You can remove the separators to group certain questions in the survey to help create sections. When a question is added to the survey, question separators are added by default. How can I add or remove question separators? Login >> Survey >> Edit You can add or remove the separator by clicking on the checkbox for Separator option. Can I remove or add separators for all the Questions at once? Yes. You can remove the Question Separators all at once by turning on Review Mode Go to: Edit Survey >> Tools >> Review Mode Click the checkbox to select all questions and then click on the Separator drop-down in the menu. In the dropdown you can either choose Add Separator or Remove Separator option. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Question Code
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/question-code.html
Summary: Question codes

Question codes When you add questions to your survey, each question will have a question code associated with it. This question code can be used to reference the question when setting up logic or when accessing reports or analysing data. A question code is an easy way to reference questions, especially in long surveys with many questions, and helps with survey management. How can I access or edit the question code? Question codes are automatically added along with the question. You can edit/change the question code by clicking on the question code displayed along with the question. To edit the question code, simply click on the question code Q1 and you can edit/update the question code. A few important points to remember: Question codes can be a maximum of 64 characters long. Do not use HTML or special characters for the question codes. To avoid confusion, do not repeat question codes. Keep them unique. How to update question codes in bulk? Once the survey is created, you may have questions which you may have copied or questions that you may have reordered and reorganized in the survey. This will cause the question codes to be out of order or confusing. For easier survey management, you can view and update all question codes in bulk. To do so, click on the Edit Codes in Bulk option icon. On the pop-up, you will see all questions in your survey organised by blocks and you can update question codes here. Here, you can either update question codes manually or select multiple questions and auto-update them by entering a question code prefix and a number, then clicking on Auto Update. Is the question code displayed on the survey? No. Question codes are internal and not displayed on the survey. Survey respondents will not see any question codes. How do question codes help? Where can I see or use them in the survey? Question codes can help you identify questions easily when setting up logic or branching or when analysing data. For example, organised question codes will make survey management easier. For example, when setting up branching, it's easier to identify question codes if they are organised. Question codes are essential when setting up JS logic or scripting logic. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Answer Groups
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/answer-groups.html
Summary: QuestionPro help document for explaining the process of adding answer groups to the answer options in your QuestionPro survey.

Answer Groups What is answer group? Answer group is the set of answer options that are clubbed and displayed together to the respondents to give more context around the answer options. How to assign a group to an answer option? To assign a new answer group to an answer option please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey » Edit » Multi-choice Question Click on the down arrow "v" near the answer option and in the drop-down menu, click on the Assign Group option. In the drop-down menu, enter the name of the answer group and hit the Enter or Return button on your keyboard. Once the group is created you can see that group in the list of answer groups, to assign the answer option to an existing group, select the answer group from the drop-down menu and the answer option will be assigned to the selected group. What are the answer display order options avaliable for answer groups? The answer display order will be first applied to the answer groups and then to the answer options within the answer groups.Following are the answer display options available for the answer groups: Default: Answer groups & options will be displayed in the same order as set by the user. Ascending: Answer groups & options will be sorted in ascending order alphabetically. Descending: Answer options will be sorted in descending order alphabetically. Random: Answer options will be shown randomly to each respondent. You can also select how many answer options you can randomize Advanced Randomization: Using this option you can create categories of answer groups and/or choices. Then, you can randomize all groups/choices in one category and randomly display a specified number of groups/choices in another category. Alternate Flip: Answer groups & options will be displayed in the regular and reverse order decided by the user, alternatively. For example, if we are collecting feedback on a negative to positive scale and the negative option is the first option, then the system will alternatively display a negative-to-positive and a positive-to-negative scale, this helps eliminate any bias when answering a survey. How can I re-asign or remove an answer option to/from an answer group? To reassign an answer option to another group. Please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey » Edit » Multi-choice Question To assign an existing answer group to an answer option, select the answer group from the drop-down menu and the answer option will be assigned to the selected group. Similarly, to remove an answer option from an answer group select None from the dropdown menu and the answer option will be removed from the group. Can I display the answer groups in horizontal layout? Yes, you can use the question layout option under the question setting to display the answer options in horizontal layout by either using the Horizontal question layout or using the Vertical question layout and increasing the number of columns. Please refer to the followin screenshot for the same: Will the offline app support answer groups? Yes, the offline app will surely support the answer groups feature. Please refer to the following screenshot for the same: Supported question types: Multiplechoice: Select One Multiplechoice: Select Many License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Hidden Questions
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/hidden-question.html
Summary: Hidden Questions

Hidden Questions What are hidden questions? Often when designing a survey, you may need to apply logic or update data without displaying this information to respondents. For this, you can hide a question so that you can use the question for analysis without bothering respondents with additional questions. How to hide a question? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace For the question you wish to hide, click on Settings Select the Hide Question option under Question Display This will hide the question from display. Can validation be enabled for hidden questions? No. Validation for question is not supported if the question is hidden. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Allow Multiple Files - Attache/Upload Question Type
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multiple-files-upload.html
Summary: Multiple Files - Attach/ Upload File

Multiple Files- Attach/ Upload File Multiple Files feature enhances the Attach/ Upload File question type and enables the respondent to upload multiple files in one go. How to enable multiple file upload feature? After adding an Attach/ Upload File question type to your survey, go to the Settings of the question and select Number of files to be allowed for this question. You can select the number of files ranging from 1 to 10. Where I can see the files uploaded by the respondents? To check the response of an individual respondent you can go to Survey >> Analytics >> Responses Switch the Display Questions toggle ON. Scroll horizontally and locate the attach/ upload question type. Here you can see the links of the uploaded files listed for the response ID of the individual response. What are the limits on the file size / type? Following are the limits based on your license level. License File size limitNumber of files per question Essentials 0 MB 0 Advanced 10 MB 1 Team Edition 10 MB Up to 10 Research 50 MB Up to 10 The above limits are for individual file. These limits will count towards your total file size limit for your account. File Types Extension Image / Logo .gif, .jpg, .png, .bmp Audio mp3 , aac, alac, 3gp, amr, wma, wav, mpeg Video m4v, mp4, mov, flv, avi, m4a Documents / Other .txt, .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .ppt, .pptx, .pdf Due to security reasons QuestionPro will not be able to support any other file types / extensions. Can I download the collected files in bulk? Yes. You can download all the files uploaded by the respondents in a bulk like as below: Go to Survey >> Analytics >> Manage data >> Export >> Image / Multimedia Export Select All Questions option from "Select Question" drop down menu. Click on Download button. What is the maximum number of files a respondent can upload at a time? The number of files allowed to be uploaded is configurable between 1 to 10. So, a respondent can upload a maximum of 10 files at a time. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Answer Display Order
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/answer-display-order.html
Summary: Learn to sort the answer display order in various ways. You can sort the answer display order in ascending, descending, randomized and in the default format.

Answer display order QuestionPro allows you to select how answer options should be displayed to respondents. Answer display order setting allows you to customize the display of answer options to remove bias and improve data quality and accuracy for your responses. For example, for a quiz or test, you can set answer display order to random so each student sees the answer options in a random order. What are the answer display order options available? Default: Answer options will be displayed in order they have been added. Ascending: Answer options will be displayed in alphabetically ascending order A-Z. Descending: Answer options will be displayed in alphabetically descending order Z-A. Random: Answer options will be displayed randomized. Every respondent will see the options in random order. Advanced Randomization: With advanced randomization, you can create groups for randomizations, display only certain options randomly, etc. Alternate Flip: Answer options will be flipped for every other respondent. How to specify answer display order? By default, answers will be displayed in the default order which is same as the order in which answer options were added. To change this, go to: Surveys (select a survey) » Edit Click on Settings option for the question you want to update answer display order. Select the Answer Display Order that you wish to apply. When using random display order, can I exclude certain options from randomization? Yes. you can exclude specific option from randomization. Hover on the option you want to exclude and open the drop down by clicking on the down arrow and select the Exclude from randomization option. By default, the other and N/A options are excluded from randomization. Which question types are supported? Multiple choice: Single-select, select many, image chooser questions. Ordering: Rank Order, constant sum, drag and drop. For matrix questions, the answer display order/answer sorting option is available only for matrix drop-down question. Following are the languages supported: AlbanianIcelandic ArabicIndonesian Bahasa IndonesiaItalian BulgarianJapanese CatalanKorean Chinese (Simplified - gb2312)Latvian Chinese (Traditional - Big5)Lithuanian Chinese Hong KongMacedonian Chinese [Hong Kong]Malay CroatianNorwegian CzechPolish DanishPortuguese DutchPortuguese [Brazilian] EnglishRomanian English (UK)Russian EstonianSerbian FinnishSlovakian FlemishSlovenian FrenchSpanish French [Canada]Spanish [Latin America] GermanSwedish GreekThai HebrewTurkish HindiUkrainian HungarianVietnamese License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Multi-media file limits
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multimedia-file-limits.html
Summary: Limits for image/media files

Limits for image/multimedia files You can upload unlimited number of files with all paid licenses. However, depending on your license level there is a limitation on the total file size. License Level Storage Limit Essentials 100 MB Advanced 1 GB Team Edition 5 GB Research Edition 5 GB (expandable) Contact your account manager to buy additional storage. Approved File Extensions that can be uploaded. File Type Extension License Level Image / Logo .gif, .jpg, .png, .bmp All Paid Audio .mp3, .wav Advanced and above Video .mp4 Advanced and above Documents / Other .txt, .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .ppt, .pptx, .pdf Advanced and above What is the maximum individual file size that can be uploaded? 100MB. We allow files up to 100MB in size. For larger files, you can upload them on any external platform like google drive, dropbox, etc and use the public link for the file on your surveys if needed. Smaller the file, faster it will load up! Can I delete files that are not needed to free up storage space? Yes. You can delete files that are not needed and this will immediately free up your storage space. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Auto-advance
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/auto-advance.html
Summary: Auto-advance

Auto-advance Auto-advance mode adds auto-scroll functionality to your surveys. Upon answering questions, the survey will move to the next question automatically and this helps reduce time and fatigue when taking surveys. Auto-advance is easy to set up and it works like a charm across multiple devices like computers, tablets, and phones. Auto-advance mode not only reduces the time taken to complete a survey but also leaves your respondents delighted. How do I enable Auto-advance mode? By default, all new surveys will have the auto-advance mode enabled. To change this setting: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit Under edit, click on the Design tab. Under Settings you can disable/enable the switch for Auto-advance and save. You may have to scroll down to access auto advance setting. How does auto-advance work? When auto-advance is enabled, once a question is answered, the survey will move (scroll) and focus on the next question. Here is a quick example survey with auto-advance enabled: Start Survey Which question types are supported by auto-advance? Following question types are supported: Multi-choice select one Multi-choice drop-down Smiley rating Thumbs up/down Image question (select one) Map Following question types are not supported by auto-advance: Multi-choice select many Text questions Star rating Push to social Text slider Numeric slider Image question (select many) Image question (rating) Matrix questions Ordering questions Among advanced question types, auto-advance supports net promoter scale (NPS) questions only. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Progress bar
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/progress-bar.html
Summary:  Progress Bar - How To? 

Progress Bar - How To? Progress bar helps your respondents see their progress when answering the survey. A progress bar is particularly helpful for long surveys where respondents are likely to get anxious on how much progress they have made in completing the survey. Depending on your surveys, QuestionPro offers a few different styles of progress bar that offer the best experience for respondents. Where can I change the progress bar style or remove the progress bar completely? By default, progress bar is set to style Modern for your surveys. To change or remove the progress bar: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit Go to the Design tab. For any selected layout, you will find the Progress Bar under Settings. Here you can select from different styles or select None to remove the progress bar completely. Click on Save button to save your changes. Progress bar style: Modern Default progress bar for surveys is set to Modern. Progress bar will be displayed at the top of the survey in the selected theme color. On the progress bar, slats are displayed at 20% breaking the bar in 5 equal portions. Percentage of survey questions loaded are denoted on the progress bar in the theme color. Progress bar style: Linear Progress bar will be displayed under the survey title with percentage of survey questions loaded denoted on the progress bar in the theme color. Progress bar style: Classic Progress bar will be displayed on the survey body with percentage of survey questions loaded denoted on the progress bar in the theme color along with the percentage readout. With the classic progress bar, you can also select the progress bar position at top or bottom of the survey and also specify left, center, or right alignment. Additionally you can select the position to be sticky or non-sticky. With the sticky progress bar, the bar will stick to the top or bottom of the page once respondents scroll on the page. This helps keeping the progress bar always in sight of the respondents. When the progress bar is set to non-sticky, the progress bar will move along with the scroll on page Classic progress bar is compatible with our accessible theme and is 508 compliant for accessibility What are the progress bar scale options? Progress bar scale options are currently available only with our classic progress bar. You can choose from the following options: Percent Questions Loaded: Will display the percentage of questions loaded. For example: 10% Questions Answered: Will display the percentage of questions answered. For example: 10% Count Questions Answered: Will display the count of questions answered. For example: 2 of 10 Page Number: Will display the page number. For example: Page 2 of 5 Progress bar on my survey shows 100% even without answering a question? Progress bar displays the percent of survey questions loaded. For a single page survey, the modern progress bar will display 100% loaded. For a single page survey, you can use the classic progress bar style and change the progress bar scale to questions answered instead of questions loaded. Can I skip the progress bar from the first page of the survey? Yes. You can switch on the toggle for Skip Progress Bar on First Page. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Automatic question numbering option
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/automatic-question-numbering-option.html
Summary: Automatic Question Numbering - Survey Options 

Automatic question numbering options You can apply question numbering to all or some questions in your survey at one go, which helps the survey respondents know about the number of questions and the order of questions and can refer to any question given the question number at any time. How can I apply question numbers to all the questions in a survey? Go to: Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Design Under Design, click on Settings Under Settings, you can enable question numbers for your survey. Can I disable question numbers for specific questions in my survey? Yes. To skip automatic question numbering for certain questions, go to the question and click on the Settings option for the question. Enable the Skip Automatic Numbering toggle for the question. When answering the survey, respondents will not see question numbers for these questions. By default, skip automatic numbering toggle is enabled for all the presentation text display only type questions. Do question numbers work with skip/jump logic? No. If there is logic in the survey, we recommend switching off question numbering and not using numbering as it will confuse respondents when questions are jumped/skipped. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Browser Title
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/browser-title.html
Summary: Browser title

Browser Title What is a browser title? The browser's title bar displays the text as the title for a webpage at the top of the browser window. The browser title for the survey is set same as the survey title. If you update the title of your survey, the browser title will also be updated automatically. Here is a quick glimpse of how browser title works: Click to download video How do I change the browser title for my survey? Link Copied You can specifically change the browser title for your survey. Go to Login (Select Survey) » Edit » Design » Display Settings Scroll down to the Browser Title field and update it with the required title and click on the Save and Apply button. Respondents will see the updated browser title whenever they open or answer your survey. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Back and Exit Navigation Buttons
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/back-exit-navigation-buttons.html
Summary: Enabling or disabling back button and exit link

Enabling or disabling back button and exit link For some surveys, you might not want your respondents to click on the back button to change answers on previous pages. In such cases, you can remove the survey back button in your surveys. How do I enable/disable the back button or the exit link? When you create a new survey, the back button and the exit link are enabled by default. To disable them, Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Design. Click on Settings. Here, you can enable or disable the back button and exit link. Can I customize the text for the "Exit Survey" link? No. At this point we do not allow for customizing the text for these navigation items. Back button is disabled on my survey. Why can I not enable the back button? Certain questions and logic require the back button navigation to be switched off. Back button will be disabled if any of the following question types or logic is used: Questions: Conjoint Max-diff Page Timer AskWhy Gabor-Granger Community Recruitment Logic: Randomization Looping Hide question after answering Can the user go "back" multiple pages? Yes, the user can go back multiple pages. However, data will not be retained for the following question types: Tubepulse Attach/Upload File Signature HotSpot Heatmap Store locator License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Focus Mode
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/focus-mode.html
Summary: survey display mode

Focus Layout Focus layout allows you to display a single question per page. With focus layout, you can eliminate all distractions and allow respondents to focus on a single question at a time. This mode improves survey response time as well as the quality of data collected. Here is a glimpse at how focus mode works: How to enable focus mode? Go to: Login » My Surveys (select a survey) » Edit Click on the Design tab. Click on the Focus mode option under Display Mode What is the classic display mode? By default, your survey display mode is set to classic. In the classic survey mode, all questions will be displayed as you have set them up under the workspace area. Classic survey display mode considers all page-breaks you have set on the survey. Multiple questions will be displayed on a page until a page-break is identified. What is the focus display mode? Focus display mode will display a single question per page. With focus mode, there are no distractions and respondents can concentrate on just one question at a time. Focus mode inproves data quality as well as speed at which respondents can answer the survey. Why can I not enable focus mode for my survey? Certain question types cannot be displayed when focus mode is enabled. Question types with steps or specific interactions don't work with the focus mode. If these question types are added on a survey, we don't allow to switch on focus mode for the survey. Following question types are not supported: HotSpot HeatMap Store Locator Homunculus Tubepulse Live cast Page Timer Signature Verified Signature If any of these question types are used, focus mode will be disabled and you will not be able to switch on focus mode. When focus mode is enabled, responses are submitted automatically for certain questions. Auto-submit response setting is enabled by default. We recommend keeping this setting enabled to improve respondent experience. Auto-submit setting can be controlled/accessed by scrolling down under Display Settings: Watch this video for a live walkthrough of the set up. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Click to download video License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Workspace URL
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/workspace-url.html
Summary: Workspace URL, account URL

Workspace URL What is a workspace URL? Workspace URL is the base URL for all your survey links. Workspace URL is useful to improve brand identity and recognition for your survey links. How do I update my workspace URL? Workspace URLs are set for every organization. You can update the workspace URL under your organization settings Please note that you can only have one workspace URL for your organization. If you update the workspace URL, it will be updated for your entire organization and applied to all surveys. DO_NOT update workspace URL if you have live surveys with ongoing data collection. Go to: Login » Organization » Settings Click on the Settings button On the popup you can update the workspace URL if required For your organization the workspace URL will be set as the base URL for all surveys Can I remove the workspace URL? No. Workspace URL adds security and individual brand identity for your survey URLs. You cannot remove the workspace URLs. What happens if I change the workspace URL? We recommend not changing the workspace URL if you have surveys actively collecting data. However, if you still wish to change the workspace URL. All links with the earlier workspace URL will stop working. You will need to redistribute the survey with the new workspace URL. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Branching - Skip Logic
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/branching-skip-logic-new.html
Summary: Branching or skip logic

Branching or skip logic Branching or skip logic gives you the ability to create “intelligent” surveys, meaning respondents can answer relevant questions based on their answers to screening questions. Skip Logic interrupts the default survey flow and redirects the respondent to another location which can be another question in your survey, another survey, thank you page, or terminate survey. How do I add branching or skip logic on a question? Before adding any logic, you should set up the entire survey with all of the questions. This will make it easier to check that the logic is correct when testing the survey. Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit. Select the question you wish to apply logic and click on logic. On the popup, skip logic will be selected by default. For each answer option, you can set the If selected, Jump to question logic. If you wish, you can update Piping Text and also assign it to a Custom Variable. Piping text can be used on any question after this question. Assigning the piping text to a variable will allow you to use it throughout the rest of the survey and also with reporting. Click here to know more details about piping text. Setting up Default Branching is optional. Default Branching logic will be executed in case none of the branching options are selected. Click Save Logic button to complete the set up. When logic is added for a question, a page break is automatically inserted. This page break is necessary for branching to function properly and cannot be removed. What are the different jump to options? For each answer option, respondents can be directed or skipped to the following Jump To options: Survey Questions: You can select from any of the questions that are after the source question. Terminate Survey: Select this option if you wish to terminate the survey response. Respondents will be directed to the terminate survey page and the response will be marked as a Terminated response. Thank You page: Select this option if you wish to direct respondents to the Thank You page. Response will be marked as a completed response. Chain Survey: Select this option to take respondents to a different survey. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Compound Branching
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/compound-branching-new.html
Summary: Compound Branching Logic

Compound Branching Compound logic can be used to set up logic based on answers to multiple questions as well as system variables. It is also used for delayed branching where you can apply logic based on answers to a question or multiple questions that were answered earlier in the survey. Consider this example: Q1: How often do you visit our restaurant? Q2: Which city do you live in? Compound branching logic should be applied to question Q2 based on the options selected in Q1 and Q2. Q3: To be answered only by respondents who are first-time visitors and live in Seattle. Q4: To be answered only by respondents who are first-time visitors and live in New York. Q5: To be answered only by respondents who visit often and live in Seattle. Q6 To be answered only by respondents who visit often and live in New York. Q7: General question to be answered by everybody How do I add compound logic? Before adding any logic, you should set up the entire survey with all of the questions. This will make it easier to check that the logic is correct when testing the survey. Go to: Login » Surveys (click on a survey) » Edit Select the question you wish to apply logic and click on Logic. Select the Compound Branching option. Start creating a criteria by adding a name. Now set up condition checks for the criteria. Select the question, select the comparison operator, and select the answer option. You can add another condition by clicking on the plus icon. Once you have added all conditions, select the branching destination for If criteria is met, jump to. You can create additional criteria by repeating the above steps. You have to select a question where the default logic should point. So when no criteria are matched, the selected question will be the destination for the logic. Click on Save Logic. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Compound or delayed branching
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/compound-delayed-branching.html
Summary: Compound branching or delayed branching logic

Compound branching or delayed branching logic Compound logic can be used to set up logic based on answers to multiple questions as well as system variables. Compound logic is also used for delayed branching where you can apply logic based on answers to a question or multiple questions that were answered earlier in the survey. Check out our logic training video here Consider this example: Q1: How often do you visit our restaurant? Q2: Which city do you live in? Compound branching logic should be applied to question Q2 based on the options selected in Q1 and Q2. Q3: To be answered only by respondents who are first-time visitors and live in Seattle. Q4: To be answered only by respondents who are first-time visitors and live in New York. Q5: To be answered only by respondents who visit often and live in Seattle. Q6: To be answered only by respondents who visit often and live in New York. Q7: General question to be answered by everybody How do I add compound logic? Before adding any logic, you should set up the entire survey with all of the questions. This will make it easier to check that the logic is correct when testing the survey. Go to: Login » Surveys (click on a survey) » Edit Select the question you wish to apply logic and click on Logic. Select the Compound Branching option. Start creating a criterion by adding a name. Now set up condition checks for the criteria. Select the question, select the comparison operator, and select the answer option. You can add another condition by clicking on the plus icon. Once you have added all conditions, select the branching destination for 'If criteria is met, jump to'. You can create additional criteria by repeating the above steps. You have to select a question where the default logic should point. So when no criteria are matched, the selected question will be the destination for the logic. Click on Save Logic. How to use survey logic to optimize respondent experience <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Show or hide question logic
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/show-hide-question-logic.html
Summary: Show or hide question logic

Show or hide question logic Show/hide question logic, sometimes also referred to as display logic, is a feature that customizes a survey based on a respondent's answers or custom data. It automatically shows or hides specific questions, making the survey more relevant to each person. Using show/hide logic can greatly improve your survey's effectiveness. Better respondent experience: By hiding irrelevant questions, you keep your survey focused and reduce frustration. For instance, if you ask "Do you own a pet?" and the person answers "No," all follow-up questions about pet food or vet visits will be hidden. Higher completion rates: When a survey is shorter and more personalized, respondents are less likely to get tired of answering questions they don't care about, which leads to more completed surveys. Higher-quality data: By tailoring questions to each respondent's specific situation, you gather more accurate and relevant data. This helps reduce response bias and gives you better insights. How do I set up show/hide question logic? Let's consider an example where we are asking respondents to select the phone brands they have used. For each phone brands, we have follow up questions that we want respondents to answer. However, it doesn't make sense to ask respondents questions about a brand that they have not used. To set this up, we can use show/hide question logic. Go to: Login » Surveys (select survey) » Edit For the question you want to show/hide, click on the logic option. On the Logic popup, select the Show/Hide Question logic option. Now, select whether to show or hide the question by default. In this example, we will hide the question by default. Now, name your criteria and set up the conditions: Once you have created the criteria, Save Logic When answering the survey, this question will now be hidden by default. Only if the respondent has selected the brand Apple in the earlier question will this question be shown to the respondent. What kind of logic can I use to show or hide questions? For show/hide question logic, you can create criteria based on the following: Questions: Logic criteria based on answers to questions in your survey. System variables: Logic criteria based on system variables updated on the survey or passed via URL or tracked survey links. Geo location: Based on country, region picked via IP address of respondents. Email lists: Based on email lists used to invite respondents to the survey. Device type: Based on the device respondents are answering their survey from. How does the dynamic (on page) logic toggle work? For show/hide question logic based on questions earlier in the survey, a page break is required before the question that needs to be hidden or shown. If you wish to show or hide questions dynamically on page, then you can enable the Dynamic (on page) logic toggle. With this toggle enabled, now you can show or hide questions on the same page as and how respondents answer questions on that page. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Dynamic show or hide
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/dynamic-show-hide.html
Summary: Dynamic show/hide logic

Dynamic show/hide logic Dynamic show/hide question logic allows you to use show/hide question logic on the same page as the source question. This means unlike the default show/hide logic, dynamic show/hide logic allows you to show or hide questions without having to insert a page break. For example, consider that the source question asks "Which is your favorite smartphone brand?" with following answer options: Apple Samsung Motorola OnePlus If the respondent selects Samsung then, show a dependent question which asks respondents to select a Samsung smartphone that he/she wishes to buy. In the case of dynamic show/hide question logic, when the respondent selects the Samsung option on the source question the dependent question will appear right below on the same survey page. How do I set up dynamic show/hide question logic? To set up a dynamic show/hide question logic: Go to: Login » Surveys (click on a survey) » Edit. Add all questions to your survey. Hover over the question on which you wish to apply logic and click on logic. A pop-up will appear. Click on Show/Hide Question. Select the toggle to Enable Dynamic (On Page) Logic. Create new criteria. Click on Save Logic. Note: Dynamic show-hide logic is not supported on QuestionPro or SurveyPocket Offline App. How does dynamic show/hide logic work? In the below example, when the respondent selects Samsung then the dependent question appears right below. If any other option is slected that does not have any dependent question. It will hide the shown question immeditely. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Scoring logic
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/scoring-logic.html
Summary: Scoring logic

Scoring logic QuestionPro allows you to turn a survey into a quiz/online test by applying scoring logic to the questions. You can compute scores in real-time and present them to the respondents immediately. How do I apply scoring logic to the questions? To set up scoring logic: Go to: Login » Surveys (click on a survey) » Edit. Add all the required questions to your survey. Hover over the question on which you wish to apply logic and click on logic. A pop-up will appear. Click on Scoring. Set the desired score value for the correct answer option(s). You can also define a branching destination based on the qualified score under Branching on score. For example, consider that the respondents who score 10 points for a question are qualified to go to the next question and those respondents who score less than 5 points are not qualified to take the quiz further. In the "if statement", select question score or total score from the drop-down and set the range of qualified score. Select the destination for the qualified score by selecting an option from "jump to" drop-down. You can also add multiple if statements by clicking on plus (+). Click on Save Logic. Can I "subtract" or put in "negative" values for scores when respondent chooses incorrect answers? Yes. Simply enter in a negative value for the answer option. If the respondent chooses that option, the value will be subtracted from the total score. What question types are integrated with Scoring? Currently, scoring is available for Multiple choice select one type questions. Multiple choice select many type questions. Matrix question types. You can set a maximum score value for multiple choice select many type questions. Can I display the computed score to the end-user? Yes. You can display the computed score to the respondents on the "Thank You Page". Go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Finish Options. Select the finish option as "Thank You Page". In the message, enter ${score} in the text area. Click on Save Changes. Can I store the score in a custom variable? Yes. You can store the score in a custom variable. Go to: Login » Surveys (click on a survey) » Edit. Add all the required questions to your survey. Hover over the question on which you wish to apply logic and click on logic. A pop-up will appear. Go to Scoring to the set desired score for the correct answer options. Click on the drop-down for Store section score in. Select a custom variable (e.g. custom variable 1) in which you want to store the score. Click on Save Logic. Can I (as the administrator) view the computed score for an individual? Go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Responses Click on the Response ID to view individual report. In the popup, you can view the score. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Looping logic
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/looping.html
Summary: Looping

Looping When the same question or set of questions is asked multiple times for different options it is termed as looping. Looping allows you to dynamically "loop" through a set of questions based on responses to a multiple choice question. When do I use looping? Consider a scenario where you want to ask the following questions to your respondents: Q1. Please select the restaurants from which you have ordered pizzas. Pizza Hut Dominos Papa John's US Pizza Q2. How would you rate the pizza from <restaurant_name>? Poor Below average Average Good Excellent In this case, Q2 is the follow-up question of Q1 which will appear when the respondent selects answer options in Q1. The Q2 will keep appearing in a loop depending upon the number of options selected in Q1 by the respondent. If the respondent selects two options, then Q2 will appear twice. Important: Looping is available only for Multiple Choice Multiple Select (Check Box) type questions. Enabling Looping will ALWAYS PRODUCE MULTIPLE ROWS for the same response ID - One row for each loop. If you are planning on exporting the data to other statistical packages, please make sure that the other packages are able to handle the data in this format. SPSS does NOT handle the data with multiple rows for each loop. Cross-tabulation is not supported with looping due to the multiple rows of data. Surveys with looping logic should be answered in one go. Save and continue or save as you go is not supported with looping logic. How do I set up Looping? Before setting up looping, ensure that the rest of the survey is programmed and tested to avoid confusion when testing the loop. Since we want to replace the restaurant name in Q2, we need to use ${piping_text}. Piping text will be automatically replaced with the appropriate restaurant name for each loop. Select the question you want to apply looping logic to and click on logic. In the popup, with skip logic selected, switch the looping toggle on. For each answer option, select the question you would like to loop from the dropdown. Add piping text which should be shown in the next question which will be looped. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Logic operators
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/logic-operators.html
Summary: Multiple criteria segmentation, grouping and branching logic operators available using Survey Analytics.

Comparison Operators / Logic Operators Following Operators are available for Grouping / Branching Logic: Operator Name Example Description Selected Equal Gender = Male Checks if selection is equal to Male Not Selected Not equal Gender != Male Checks if Gender is not equal to Male Note: the "Not Equal" Operator: This does not take into account un-responded questions. It essentially is an "OR" between all the other options except for the chosen answer. Multiple Criteria Segmentation: Multiple criteria segmentation is a mechanism to allow for data segments across multiple questions. For example if you want to segment data based on age and gender -- you would use the multiple criteria segmentation tool. You can use AND/OR logic for multiple criteria segmentation. For example, you could create a data-segment/logic criteria where Gender = Male OR AGE > 25 etc. Important : For OR logic to work properly the question(s) on which the logic is based are required to be answered. Please make sure that the questions are validated. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Selected N of M logic
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/how-to-setup-n-of-m-logic.html
Summary: Selected N of M logic

Selected N of M logic This feature will allow you to condition whether a question is displayed or not based on the number of options chosen by the respondent on a previous “Multiple choice: select many” question type. How do I setup "Selected N of M logic? Consider this example below: Q1: Of the following, please select all products that you have bought in the last year. Selected N of M logic should be applied on Q1 to check if at least 3 products are selected. If yes, display Q2 and rest of the survey. Q2: Which among the following sentiment do you most associate with our brand? If no, terminate survey. To apply this logic, Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit. Select the question you wish to apply logic and click on logic. Select Compound Branching from the drop down. Enter a new criteria name. Select the question. By default, 'is' comparison operator is selected, here, select the selected comparison operator We want to set logic to check at least 3 or more options are selected. So select the at least option and enter the number of options to check. Set the jump to condition to go to Q2. Also set the skip condition in case the criterion is not met to get to the termination or thank you page. Click on Save to apply this logic. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## JavaScript Logic Syntax Reference
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/javascript-logic-syntax.html
Summary: Learn how to apply JavaScript logic within their QuestionPro surveys to enhance the user experience for their respondents.

JavaScript Logic Syntax Reference What is JavaScript logic and how to use it? Link Copied QuestionPro's JavaScript logic facilitates the users to apply custom validation, special effects on the answer selection when the respondent is answering the surveys, etc. which enables the users to use their JavaScript knowledge and customize the survey to enhance the respondent's experience of answering the survey. To apply the JavaScript Logic to your surveys please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey >> Edit >> Workspace Click on the Logic button on the top right corner of the question Select the JavaScript Logic option from the first drop-down. Enable the toggle for Pre JavaScript Logic to apply the JavaScript logic before that specific question appears to the respondent or enable the toggle for Post JavaScript Logic to apply the JavaScript logic after the respondent has answered that specific question. Add the JavaScript inside the respective area and click on the Save Logic button. Test out the logic by answering the survey and make changes to the logic accordingly. What is the syntax of the default JavaScript functions provided by QuestionPro? Link Copied Please refer to the following table for the default syntax of the JavaScript functions provided by QuestionPro: Sr. No. JavaScript Function Explanation 1 $survey.getLanguageID(); This function will return the selected language id by the respondent while answering the survey. 2 $survey.getSelectedCount('Question-code'); This function will return number of options selected for multiple-choice question. Example: $survey.getSelectedCount('Q1'); will return the number of answer options selected by the respondent for multiple-choice question with question code Q1. 3 $survey.getSelectedOption('Question-code'); This function will return selected answer option's text(answer value) for multiple-choice question. Example: $survey.getSelectedOption('Q1'); will return the text(answer value) of the answer option selected by the respondent for question with code Q1. 4 $survey.getSelectedOptions('Question-code'); This function will return array of selected answer options for multiple-choice question. Example: $survey.getSelectedOption('Q1'); will return the array of answer options selected by the respondent for question with code Q1. 5 $survey.getSelectedOptionIndex('Question-code'); This function will return the index of the selected answer option for multiple-choice question. Example: $survey.getSelectedOptionIndex('Q1'); will return the index of the answer option selected by the respondent for question with code Q1. 6 $survey.getSelectedOptions('Question-code'); This function will return array of selected answer options for multiple-choice question. Example: $survey.getSelectedOption('Q1') will return the array of answer options selected by the respondent for question with code Q1. Additionally you can use this function with the multiple-choice select many question type by using the following syntax: $survey.getSelectedOptionIndex('Q1_1'); //for first row $survey.getSelectedOptionIndex('Q1_2'); // for second row 7 $survey.getCXTransaction(); This function will return the transaction details of the respondent. Transaction JSON: "cxTransaction": { "emailAddress": "transaction@questionpro.com", "product": "product", "phoneNumber": "999999999", "productGroup": "product group", "cxDate": "2022-04-11", "languageID": 247, "language": "English", "Segment": { "parentBusinessUnitID", "comparatorBusinessUnitId", "country", "zipCode", "CXFeedbackID", "enableComparison", "externalRefID", "city", "isLeafSegment", "lowerLimit", "type", "deviceKeyID", "userCount", "name", "businessUnitCode", "overallStats", "addressLine1", "addressLine2", "upperLimit", "state", "primarySupervisorID", "timestamp" } } 8 $survey.getCXTransaction().getSegment(); This function will return the segment details of the respondent. Segment JSON: "Segment": { "parentBusinessUnitID", "comparatorBusinessUnitId", "country", "zipCode", "CXFeedbackID", "enableComparison", "externalRefID", "city", "isLeafSegment", "lowerLimit", "type", "deviceKeyID", "userCount", "name", "businessUnitCode", "overallStats", "addressLine1", "addressLine2", "upperLimit", "state", "primarySupervisorID", "timestamp" } 9 $survey.getCXTransaction().getSegment().getCustomField('customFieldName'); This function will return the custom-field value from the segment. Note: Please replace the Question-code with actual code of the question on which you want to execute the JavaScript. Note: Points 7, 8, and 9 are only applicable for CX surveys. Please refer to the detailed documentation for more information: Click here License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Block Flow
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/block-flow.html
Summary: This helpfile explains the detailed step to view and edit survey block flow.

Block Flow What is block flow? Link Copied The block flow is where you can view the order/flow of the blocks of questions present in your survey, rearrange them, add complex logic to them, and apply randomizations on them. The block flow is basically a one-stop location to decide the entire flow of your survey to be presented to the respondents based on their answers to the initial questions or their geo-location, device type, etc. which directly reduces the chances of order-bias and helps you get valid data for your research. How to access the block flow for a survey? Link Copied To view/edit the block flow for your survey, please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey >> Edit Click on the Block Flow option from the drop-down menu named Tools located at the top-right corner of the window. In the pop-up, you'll be able to view all the blocks present in your survey. The order of the blocks visible in the pop-up is the current flow/order of your survey. Now, you can: Drag & drop the blocks to re-arrange the flow/order of the survey. Click on Add Logic to add criteria-based logic at any point of the block flow. Click on Add Randomizer to add a new set of block randomizer at any point of the block flow. How can I add logic on the blocks? Link Copied To add logic on the survey blocks, please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey >> Edit. Click on Block Flow from the Tools drop-down menu located at the top-right corner of the window. In the pop-up, click on Add Logic within any two blocks. A new section will be added for adding the blocks under that specific logic. Drag & drop the blocks you wish to add under the new logic. Now, select the criteria on the top of the new section to display the blocks to the respondents. Click on the Save button. How to set up a block randomizer? Link Copied To set up a block randomizer on your survey, please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey >> Edit. Click on Block Flow from the Tools drop-down menu located at the top-right corner of the window. In the pop-up, click on Add Randomizer within any two blocks. A new section will be added for adding the blocks under that randomizer. Drag & drop the blocks you wish to add under the randomizer. Select the number of blocks you want to randomly display from the following list of blocks. Click on the Save button. Evenly present blocks logic toggle has been deprecated as of September 30th, 2024. How can I add a block randomizer based on a criteria-based logic? Link Copied To add a block randomizer based on a criteria-based logic, please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey >> Edit. Click on Block Flow from the Tools drop-down menu located at the top-right corner of the window. In the pop-up, click on Add Logic within any two blocks. A new section will be added for adding the blocks under that specific logic. Drag & drop the blocks you wish to add under the new logic. Now, select the criteria on the top of the new section to display the blocks to the respondents. Click on Add Randomizer on any block present inside the new logic section, to add a block randomizer within the logic. Drag & drop the blocks you want to randomize inside the new logic. Select the number of blocks you want to randomly display to the respondents. Click on the Save button. FAQs: Link Copied Can I export the block flow setup to share with my colleagues? Yes. You can export the block flow setup in a PDF file to share with other users and get their opinions on the setup by just clicking the PDF icon on the top-right corner of the block flow pop-up. I have too many blocks within my survey, and I am not able to access all the blocks under block flow. What can I do? If you have multiple blocks within the survey and are not able to view all the blocks in the pop-up, then click on the - icon on the top-right corner of the pop-up to adjust the zoom out a bit and access all the blocks. You can use the + icon to zoom back in and the Reset button to reset the zoom level to default. Can I add multiple logics under the block randomizer? Yes. You can add multiple logics under block randomizer or a logic section which will form a nested structure of logics & randomizers to completely eliminate the chances of order bias and help you get genuine responses to your research survey. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Block Looping
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/block-looping.html
Summary: Block Looping

Block Looping What is block looping? Link Copied <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Looping helps you to dynamically show a block of questions multiple times to the same respondent. Example: A market research company wants to ask the same set of questions for different products a respondent uses. Instead of spending time, adding the same questions for each of the products, the questions can be added once. Looping can be used to repeat and display the set of questions for each individual product that the respondent has used.. How can I set up looping on a block in my QuestionPro survey? Link Copied To set up looping on your survey block, please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey >> Edit >> Workspace and add the survey blocks and questions according to your requirement. Click the menu icon on the top-right corner of the block and then click on the Looping option from the drop-down menu. In the pop-up, turn the Looping for Block toggle ON. Select the loop source from one of the following: Looping Directly: To loop the questions in the block for specified number of times. Looping based on question: To loop the questions in the block for the selected/ unselected displayed/ not displayed/ all choices of the loop source question. Add the piping text you want to display in the question/ answer text for each iteration and click on the Save button. Now test out the survey by using the anonymous/preview survey link to check the looping. In the example displayed in the screenshots, the survey experience will be: Select the answer options from the looping source questions You can see the piping texts for the first loop (selected choice in the source- Audi): Then you can see the piping texts for the second loop (selected choice in the source- Jeep): Similarly, you can add as many piping texts you need to diplay to respondents based on your survey requirement. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Scoring Engine: Syntax Reference
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/scoring-engine-syntax-reference.html
Summary: Scoring Engine Syntax Reference

Scoring engine syntax reference Note: The custom logic/scoring engine is available as a reference and in most cases requires programming from our professional service team. QuestionPro technical support cannot answer questions related to custom scripting. System Input Variables Description ${responseID} Unique Identifier for each response ${custom1} External Data Interface 1 ${custom2} External Data Interface 2 ${custom3} External Data Interface 3 ${custom4} External Data Interface 4 Dynamic Survey Variables ${<QUESTION_CODE>} This is the response value for the question with the corresponding question code. ${<QUESTION_CODE>_piping_text>} If you have Piping_Text enabled typically used for branching, then the value of the piped text is assigned to this variable. Computed Variables ${score} Computed score, also saved along with the results $survey.isDuplicateEntry("<QUESTION_CODE>", "test") Assuming <QUESTION_CODE> is a text input question, isDuplicateEntry will return a true if any previous respondent has entered "test" $survey.extractAnswers("<QUESTION_CODE>", [1,2,3,4]) Displays question extracted from <QUESTION_CODE> as if answer options 1, 2, 3 and 4 were selected. $survey.branchTo("<QUESTION_CODE>") Branch to a Question based on Logic $survey.branchTo("<QUESTION_CODE>", "Piping Text") Branch to a Question based on logic, and pipe the text into ${piping_text} $survey.branchTo("Thank_You_Page") Branch to the Thank You page based on logic and the response is marked as completed. $survey.branchTo("Terminate_Page") Branch to the Terminate page based on logic and the response is marked as terminated. $survey.sumValues() Adds all the values for all analytical (multiple choice, matrix, rating etc.) questions. $survey.sumValues("<QUESTION_CODE>") Adds all the values for the question code. survey.sumValuesWithPrefix(String prefixCode) Adds all the values for all analytical (multiple choice) questions with a question code prefix. For example calling sumValuesWithPrefix("Q") will sum all the questions with question codes that start with a "Q" survey.questionCountWithPrefix(String prefixCode) Counts the number of questions with that prefix code. This is meant to be used with the sumValuesWithPrefix -- This only accounts questions that have been answered and the question code starts with the prefix. $survey.computeAverage("<QUESTION_CODE>") Computes the average values for the question code. $survey.chainTo(<survey_id>) Chains to another survey Conjoint Variable Syntax $CONJOINT.get(0) Gets the Reference to the first attribute, replace 0 with 1 to get the second attribute etc. $CONJOINT.get(0).getLevelAt(0) Gets the reference the first Level (within the first attribute) $CONJOINT.get(0).getLevelAt(0).getAverageUtility() Gets the value for the utility score computed for that user/response - for the first level within the first attribute $CONJOINT.get(0).getRelativeImportance() Gets the relative importance score for the first attribute Survey Logic/Branching Syntax $survey.branchTo("Q10") Branches to question with question code = Q10 $survey.chainTo(23451) Branches to survey with ID = 23451 Analysis $survey.getCustomScore(<QUESTION_CODE>) Gets the "AVERAGE" value of the Custom Score for the question with the specific Code $survey.getCustomScore(<QUESTION_CODE>, <DATA_SEGMENT_CODE>) Gets the "AVERAGE" value of the custom score for the question with the specificcCode for a particular data segment $survey.getResponseCount(<QUESTION_CODE>, <ANSWER_INDEX>, <RESPONSE_STATUS>) Gets the number of respondents who have responded to the question identified with <QUESTION_CODE> with the answer identified with <ANSWER_INDEX> Charting $survey.drawCustomChart(<QUESTION_CODE>, <DATA_SEGMENT_CODE>, max) Draw's a horizontal bar graph for the given question, and data segment. $survey.drawCustomChart(<QUESTION_CODE>, <DATA_SEGMENT_CODE>, max, colorIndex) Draw's a horizontal bar graph for the given question, and data segment. The colorIndex (0-9) specifies the color to use for displaying the chart. $survey.drawSpotlightChart(<QUESTION_CODE>, <DATA_SEGMENT_CODE>, max, colorIndex) Draw's a horizontal bar graph for the given question with spotlight reporting, and data segment. The colorIndex (0-9) specifies the color to use for displaying the chart. Checking if an open-ended text is answered or not and then branching based on that: Let us assume that there is an open-ended text question with the question code : Q1. #if (${Q1_1}) $survey.branchTo("Q10") #end ${Q1_1} - Represents the first open-ended text box in the question $survey.branchTo("Q10") - Represents the branching directive Custom1-5 and External Reference Data Population $survey.updateCustom1("Value") Updates the ${custom1} [Custom Variable 1] variable with the value $survey.updateExternalReference("Value") Updates the ${ext_ref} [External Reference] variable with the value Custom6 and above. Up to 255 $survey.updateHighCustomVariable(6, "Value") Updates the ${custom6} variable with the value Summing all the values for the Multiple Choice/Ratings Questions #set ($score = $survey.sumValues()) The sumValues() method calculates the sum and assigns to the $score variable. Chaining to multiple surveys $survey.chainTo(3342) In the example above, 3342 is the Survey ID you want to chain to. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Always Extract and Never Extract Logic
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/always-extract-never-extract.html
Summary: Extraction

Always Extract and Never Extract Logic When setting extraction, irrespective of respondent selection, you may want certain options to be displayed or not-displayed in the follow up questions. For achiveving this, you can use the always extract and never extract logic options. For example, consider a question in your survey "Please select all smartphone brands that you have used in the past?" with following answer options: Apple Samsung Google Motorola OnePlus Xiaomi LG Oppo In this example, we always want to display the options Apple, Samsung, and Google in the follow up questions, and never want to show the options Xiaomi, LG, and Oppo in the follow up questions. You can set this up by adding these options in always extract and never extract settings. How to use the always extract and never extract options? Go to: Login » Surveys (click on a survey) » Edit. Click on Logic for the question from which you wish to extract follow up questions. Select Extraction logic from the drop down. Here, we will extract Selected Choices and extract to question type Single Select. Now, to always display options Apple, Samsung, and Google in extracted question irrespective of respondent selection, select these options in the Always Extract drop down. To never display options Xiaomi, LG, and Oppo in extracted question irrespective of respondent selection, select these options in the Never Extract drop down. Save Extraction Logic How does always extract and never extract logic work when answering the survey? In this example, we are asking respondents to select all the smartphone brands they have used. Under Always Extract we have added the options Apple, Samsung, and Google. Even if these options are not selected, they will still be shown in the extracted follow up question. Under Never Extract we have added the options Xiaomi, LG, and Oppo. Even if these options are selected, they will not be shown in the extracted question. In the follow up question, following options will be displayed: License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Communities Customer Experience Employee Experience University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Advanced Randomization
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/advanced-randomization.html
Summary: Advanced Randomization - How to?

Advanced Randomization - How to? Overview Randomization is a research technique that is used to overcome order bias- the bias that can result due to the order of answer choices. Respondents tend to favor choices at the beginning and at the end of a list because they are better remembered. First items may also be chosen by respondents to save time. Order bias can be taken into account by randomizing the order in which the answer choices are presented. How to set up Advanced Randomization? Go to: Edit » Workspace. Click on the Settings link for the question. Under Settings, select the Advanced Randomization option under Answer Display Order Click on Set up advanced randomization Under Current Display Order you will see your answer options in the default order. You can select options from the current display order and move them to random order or random display using the move options provided. Once you have set up desired logic, click on Save. What is random order? All options added under the Random Order box will be randomized and displayed to the respondents. When options are moved to random order, the placeholder will be {random} text. What is random display? Random Display allows you to create a subset for randomization. For example, you can choose to display N out of M options to randomly display. Here, we have added Australia, Germany, Japan, and India to this set and want to randomly display 2 options from the 4. Excluded Items If you wish to not display any of the options, you can add them to excluded items. Options selected for exclusion will not be displayed on the survey. Preserve Randomization In research surveys, there are multiple questions with the same set of answer options. Sometimes it is required that the random order used to display the answer options in the first question has to be preserved so the same order is used in the following questions. This can be achieved using extraction. Create the source question and set up randomization using the steps described above. Create the follow-up questions using extraction The order from the source questions will be preserved in the extracted question. 5 Awesome Tools To Improve Survey Results <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following licenses : Research Edition Customer Experience Employee Experience Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Geo location
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/geo-location.html
Summary: System variable / Geo Location

Geo Location Survey Geo Location is currently tracked based on the IP of the system used by the respondent. In QuestionPro, Geo Location is tracked under three broad categories. City State/Region Country Code I want to segment my data based on Geo Location. How do I do that? Go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics Click on the Settings icon to expand the filtering settings. Under Filter Criteria, select Geo Location from the first drop-down. (Default selection is Question) From the second drop-down, select either City OR State/Region OR Country Code option. In this example, we have selected Country Code. Enter the value for the country code you wish to filter by. Here we are filtering for US. Filter criteria is automatically saved. If you wish, you can also save this as a criterion by naming it and clicking on the save icon. To include multiple values for the same variable, separate them using a comma. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Supported langauages
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/language-support.html
Summary: Supported Languages

Supported languages Which languages do you support? Currently, we support the following languages: Language Language Code English 250 English ( UK ) 508 German 1 French 2 Dutch 3 Spanish (Spain) 4 Spanish (Latin America) 271 Portuguese (Portugal) 5 Portuguese (Brazil) 516 Italian 6 Russian 7 Arabic 10 Arabic (Morocco) 527 Afrikaans 266 Albanian 511 Amharic 279 Armenian 110 Assamese 517 Azerbaijani 246 Bahasa Indonesia 501 Baltic 50 Bangla 261 Bosnian 526 Bulgarian 244 Burmese 267 Catalan 230 Chinese (Simplified) 70 Chinese (Traditional) 80 Chinese (Hong Kong) 274 Croatian 240 Cyrillic 60 Czech 220 Danish 160 Dari 257 English (Canada) 553 English (Nigeria) 552 Estonian 255 Faroese 554 Finnish 150 Flemish 190 French (Canada) 273 Georgian 522 Greek 210 Gujarati 262 Gurmukhi 278 Haitian Creole 502 Hausa 521 Hebrew 40 Hindi 247 Hungarian 130 Icelandic 241 Indonesian 256 IsiXhosa (Xhosa) 515 Japanese 90 Kanjobal 541 Kannada 514 Kazakh (Kazakhstan) 272 Khmer 243 Klingon 503 Korean 100 Kurdish (Kurmanji) 520 Laotian 513 Latvian 248 Lithuanian 259 Macedonian 275 Malay 254 Malayalam 518 Maltese 519 Mandinka 525 Marathi 277 Mongolian 509 Montenegrin 512 Norwegian 200 Odia 264 Pashto 258 Persian 252 Polish 120 Romanian 180 Serbian 249 Sinhala 504 Sinhalese 253 Slovakian 170 Slovenian 242 Somali 524 Spanish (Argentina) 542 Spanish (Bolivia) 550 Spanish (Chile) 543 Spanish (Colombia) 547 Spanish (Ecuador) 546 Spanish (Mexico) 544 Spanish (Paraguay) 549 Spanish (Peru) 545 Spanish (Uruguay) 548 Spanish (Venezuela) 541 Swazi 260 Swedish 140 Tagalog 268 Tagalog (Philippines) 269 Tamil 276 Telugu 265 Thai 30 Tigrinya 523 Turkish 20 Ukrainian 263 Urdu 251 Urdu (Pakistan) 270 Vietnamese 245 Welsh 507 Zulu 510 Punjabi 530 Uzbek 531 Hmong 529 Swahili 532 License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Save & continue
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/save-and-continue.html
Summary: Save and Continue Later

Save and Continue Later The Save and Continue option allows respondents to save their survey response at any point while taking the survey. The respondent can then resume answering the survey at a later time. How can I enable the Save and Continue Later option for my surveys? Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Settings Under Settings, enable the switch for Save and Continue You can change the button text as required. Click on Save Changes to enable this option. How does the Save and Continue Later option work on the survey? Once Save and Continue is enabled, the button is displayed wherever there is a page break. When the respondent clicks on the Save and Continue Later button, a pop-up warning message will open asking respondents to make sure that all questions are answered before proceeding. When respondents click on the Continue button, they would be asked to enter their email address where they would like to receive the completion link. QuestionPro will send the completion link for the survey. Respondents can open the survey from where they left off by clicking on this link. Note: The survey saves responses up to the page on which the Save and Continue button was clicked. When respondents click on the continuation link from their email, they will be taken to the next page just after the page on which they clicked on the Save and Continue Later button. Are there any limitations on using Save and Continue? A page break is necessary for Save and Continue to work. The Save and Continue option will not be available on single page surveys. Can I edit the email that is sent with the completion link? Yes. Under survey settings, for the Save and Continue option, click on the Edit Email link. On the pop-up, you can edit the email message. Does the Save and Continue Later option work with multilingual surveys? Yes. The Save and Continue Later option is fully compatible with multilingual surveys. How will the data be saved in the database? When respondents click on the Save and Continue button, the response is saved in the database as a partial (incomplete) response. Once the respondent continues with the survey and completes it, the same response set is updated and marked as complete. However, if respondents do not complete the survey, then the response will be saved in the database as a partial / incomplete response. I have looping logic in my survey. Can I use save and continue? No. Looping logic is not supported with save and continue. Please do not use save and continue along with looping logic. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Finish options
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/finish-options.html
Summary: Finish Options 

Finish Options Finish options allow you to control or set what happens after your respondent completes a survey. Where can I set finish options for my survey? Finish Options decide what the respondent will see after they complete the survey. More like a landing page. By default, the none finish option is set for the survey. To change, Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit Click on the Finish Options menu under Edit. Select the finish option and click on the Save Changes button. Now, respondents will see the selected finish option upon completing the survey. What are my finish options? Standard Options: Thank You page: Design your own thank you page. None (Old Surveys): The respondent will land on QuestionPro’s default landing page. Thank You page with link (Old Surveys): You can design your own thank you page with a redirect link and customized message. Advanced Options: Automatic Redirect: It gives you the ability to set a predefined webpage where you want the respondent to get redirected after the completion of the survey. That means they will not land on QuestionPro’s default page at all. Spotlight Report: It displays the respondent's answers compared to the overall results. You can also create data filters to display a filtered result only. Forward To Friend: Allows the respondent to forward the survey to others. Review/Print : Give the respondents the option to print their survey. Rewards: You can distribute rewards to your respondents based on various criteria. Panel Integration: You can integrate with other 3rd party panels to buy respondents for your survey. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Search and replace
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/search-and-replace.html
Summary: Search and Replace

Search and Replace Search and replace option helps you to update/change all occurrences of a word or a string of text across the entire survey. How can I search and replace text in the survey? Go to: Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Workspace Under Workspace tab, click on the Tools drop down and select the Search and Replace option. Enter the word or sentence that you wish to replace and click Search and Replace. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Review Mode
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/review-mode.html
Summary: Learn to bulk update the questions, apply separators, add/remove separators/page break, change question settings, and custom analyze options in the review mode.

Review Mode The review mode provides an outline of the survey that you create. This allows you to bulk update questions in your survey. For example, if you want to add/remove separator or page break for all the questions in your survey under the compact view, then select all questions and apply separators. In addition to this, the review mode also allows you to invite other QuestionPro users to review and provide feedback on your survey. How do I view an outline of my survey? Link Copied Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit Click on tools located on the top right-hand side above the preview button. Select Review Mode. Click the Expand Questions option on the top left to view all the questions. Select questions those you wish to update by clicking the checkbox against each question or select the topmost checkbox to update all questions in the survey. You can apply validation, add or remove separator, add or remove page break, width settings (question and answer width), and delete questions. The questions must be selected to view and apply any of these update options. How do I invite other users to collaborate on my survey? Link Copied To invite other users to collaborate on your survey, please folow the steps below: Click on the Add Reviewers icon on the top-right of the review mode In the pop-up, Add the reviewer's email address Check the Notify people checkbox, if you want to send an email to the reviewer Write the message you want to add in the email sent to the reviewer Click on the Save button You'll see that the reviewer is added for that survey and can now review the survey from their own QuestioPro account. You can remove the reviewer from the survey by clicking on the delete icon in front of the reviewer's details. How can I view and reply to the comments from the reviewers? Link Copied To view the comments from the reviewers, you can click on the Add Comment icon near the specific question, which will also display the number of coments recieved for that question In the overlay pop-up on the right side, hit the Reply link to reply on any specific comment or used the input option at the bottom to add a new comment After typing in your reply, you can hit the send icon or press the Enter key on your keyboard to reply to the comment. Your reply/comment will be added to that question and will be visible to all the reviewers. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Geo coding
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/geo-coding.html
Summary: Geo-coding

Geo-coding When respondents take surveys, we collect and store the IP Address of the respondents along with the responses. By default, for all anonymous surveys, this is the only piece of identifying data that is collected and stored along with the survey response. Geo-Coding enables you to find out the physical location such as city, region (state), etc. for these IP addresses. This process of mapping IP addresses to physical locations is called Geo-Coding. Can I disable Geo-Coding on a survey? Yes. You can disable geo-coding by switching off the Capture Location Data setting. Go to: Login » My Account (top right corner) » Global Settings Under Survey Settings switch off the toggle for Capture Location Data Once disabled, location data will not be captured with the response data collected. What is the accuracy of the Geo-Coding data? QuestionPro has licensed the Geo-Coding database from MaxMind (www.maxmind.com) - Under terms, the data provides a 99% accuracy on the country level and an 85% accuracy on the region level. You can visit MaxMind GeoIP® Databases I am currently in one region but my IP address is being stated as another region. Why is this? It is important to remember that IP geolocation is not the same as GPS location. It's an approximation based on the IP address, which is why it can be inaccurate. Geolocation databases are maintained by third-party companies and are not always up-to-date with changes in IP ownership or allocation. When you connect to a VPN, your IP address changes to one of the VPN provider's servers. If a geolocation database hasn't been updated to reflect that a specific IP range is now used by a VPN server in a different country, it will show the old location, often the data center of the Internet Service Provider (ISP) that originally owned that block of IPs. IP-based location correction requests may take weeks or sometimes even months to propagate across the internet. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Dynamic Progress Bar
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/classic-progress-bar.html
Summary: Progress Bar Classic

Progress Bar - Dynamic Style How to set a dynamic progress bar? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Design Under the design tab, under Display Settings, you can select the Dynamic sytle for the progress bar. Can I skip the progress bar on first page? Yes. You can switch on the toggle for Skip Progress Bar on First Page. If you have any introduction or text display only type question on the survey, it is better to start/show the progress bar from the second page onward. What are the progress bar scale options? Once you have set the dynamic progress bar, you can select from the following scales: Percent Questions Loaded Questions Answered Or Count Questions Answered Page Number Can I change the position of the progress bar? Yes, you can position the progress bar as per your liking. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Age Verification
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/age-verification.html
Summary: Age verification

Age Verification and COPPA compliance Age verification or age gate is used to restrict access to digital content from those who are not appropriately-aged. With QuestionPro age verification control on surveys, you can restrict access for under aged respondents from age-appropriate content like alcohol and tobacco content, adult-oriented content, video games with objectionable content, and also to remain compliant with online privacy laws that regulate collection of personal information (PII) from minors. Click to download video What is COPPA compliance? The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) is a United States federal law, , enacted October 21, 1998. (COPPA Compliance - FAQ) The act, effective April 21, 2000, applies to the online collection of personal information by persons or entities under U.S. jurisdiction about children under 13 years of age, including children outside the U.S. if the website or service is U.S.-based.It details what a website operator must include in a privacy policy, when and how to seek verifiable consent from a parent or guardian, and what responsibilities an operator has to protect children's privacy and safety online, including restrictions on the marketing of those under 13. With QuestionPro age verification, you can achive compliance with COPPA and other simlar regulations and laws and protect children's privacy and safety online. How do I enable age verification? Go to: Select Survey » Edit » Settings Enable the toggle for Age Verification and save. You can click on the edit(pencil) icon to update age verification settings: Age: By default, age is set to 18. You can set the age between the ages of 3 and 30 and only respondents above the set age will be allowed to access and respond to your survey. Button text: You can update the button text. Failed verification: Failed verification is set to terminate the survey by default. You can choose to automatically redirect to any webpage too. How does age verification work? Respondents are asked to enter their date of birth on the survey. Age is calculated and if age is above the verification age set, respondents are allowed to start the survey. If failed, response will be terminated or redirected to the webpage that you have set up. Date of birth or age will not be stored or saved. Can I apply country specific age requirements for age verification? Yes. You can enable geolocation based age verification logic. On the age verification popup, click on Geolocation Logic You can now define the minimum age along with minimum age for the specific countries. For example, minimum age requirement for Spain, Portugal, and France, is 21 years and for India, it is 25 years. We can define as shown below. We allow up to 5 logic statements for different age criteria. You can choose multiple countries in the country selection dropdown. We identify respondents location based on IP address. In this example, If respondents are from Spain, Portugal, or France, and they are older than 21 years, they will be able to access the survey. If respondents are from India, and older than 25 years, they will be able to access the survey. Respondents from anywhere else who don't match the locations set, they need to be abvove the age of 18 to access the survey. Does age verification work on a multilingual survey? Yes. Respondents will first be asked to select the language they want to answer the survey in. Once language selection is done, respondents will be asked to enter their date of birth and age verification will be executed. Translations can be updated under Edit » Languages page. Can I enable age verification for all my surveys? Yes. You can enable age verification for all new surveys in your account or also on the organization level. You can enable age verification for all new surveys in your account under My Account » Survey Setting This setting only applies to new surveys created once the setting is updated. For an existing survey, please enabled age verification under survey settings. If you wish to enable age verification for the entire organization, you can do so under Organization » Settings. Once enabled, all new users or accounts will have the age verification setting enabled on their account. For existing users or account, please enable age verification under My Account for the user. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Adding rewards
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/adding-rewards.html
Summary: Rewards - How to?

Rewards - How to? Adding rewards to your survey is a good way of incentivizing your survey respondents for giving feedback and completing a survey. Rewards help you increase the response rate as well as the quality of the feedback that is provided and also a good way to thank a respondent for their time. How to set up rewards for a survey? Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit Click on Finish Options under Edit. Here, select the Rewards finish option from the dropdown and save. How to set up the qualifying criteria? Following qualifying criteria are available: All Completed Respondents: Everyone who completes the survey will be eligible for a reward. Based on Survey Quiz Score: Set up scoring logic on the survey and based on total minimum score, respondents will be eligible. First N Number of Respondents: Rewards will be given only to first N completed surveys. Drawing Random Winner(s): Drawing – winners are randomly selected from collected responses. After responses are collected, come back to the Finish Options to select the winners from Manage Rewards (this option will appear after responses are collected). What are the reward types available? Once you set up qualifying criteria, you need to select a reward: Amazon.com Gift Card: Winners will receive Amazon.com gift cards. Starbucks Gift Card: Winners will receive Starbucks gift cards. Tango Card Gift Card: Winners will receive Tango cards. Coupon: Winners will receive a custom coupon that you define. User Defined and Fulfilled: You can customize the reward. What are Notifications? Public Contact Email allows you to set an email address that should appear on the rewards page. This is the email address that will be used for communications with the reward-winning respondents. The notifications section allows you to set up different email addresses for the survey administrator and for the public contact that respondents can contact with questions. Below is an image of how the rewards page will look like. The public contact email will appear in the line, “Please contact ___ with questions.” This text cannot be modified. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Starbucks gift card
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/rewards-starbucks-gift-card.html
Summary: Starbucks Gift Card

Starbucks Gift Card Starbucks Gift Cards are a type of reward that can be provided to a respondent when they complete the survey based on the qualifying criteria. To set up Starbucks Gift Cards as rewards, follow the steps below: Login » Surveys » Edit » Rewards Select the qualifying criteria. All Completed Respondents: Everyone who completes the survey will be eligible for a reward. Based on Survey Quiz Score: Set up scoring logic on the survey and based on the total minimum score, respondents will be eligible. First X Number of Respondents: Rewards will be given only to the first X completed surveys. Drawing Random Winner(s): Drawing winners are randomly selected from collected responses. After responses are collected, come back to the Finish Options to select the winners from Manage Rewards (this option will appear after responses are collected). Select Starbucks Gift Card from the Select a Reward drop-down Gift Card Value: You may enter the value for gift cards. Available values are between $5 and $500 (USD). Number of Gift Cards: Enter the number of gift cards. Additional gift cards can be added later. Reward Page Headline: Enter your headline, message, and image (optional) for the reward page. This is what respondents will see after winning the reward. Reward Page Message: You may enter a message to display on the reward page. Preview: You may click on Preview to see how the reward page will look. Notifications: You may set notifications if required. Public Contact Email: You may enter the email address that respondents can contact. Review and Confirm: A fulfillment fee of $15 or 5% of the total amount (whichever is higher) will be applicable, in addition to the selected gift card value and number of cards. Please read the Terms of Service and Save. Once you are done with the testing, turn off the test mode and save. When the reward is fulfilled, Starbucks Gift Cards will be given out. What is Test Mode? Test Mode is used so that you can test the survey before distributing it without using up your Starbucks Gift Card. By default, Test Mode is on. While testing the survey, keep the Test Mode on so that you would not be charged for any rewards. After completing the survey (while testing) the reward page will be displayed as Test Mode. Once you have tested the survey, you may turn off the Test Mode and distribute it so that you can start giving the gift cards live. Note: Before making the survey live, please delete the test responses. Where can I view the gift card values available for my country? Click here to view the country-wise classification of the available gift cards. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Amazon gift card
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/rewards-amazon-gift-card.html
Summary: Amazon.com Gift Card - Rewards

Amazon.com Gift Card - Rewards To set up Rewards: Go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Finish Options » Rewards Select the Qualifying Criteria. All Completed Respondents: Everyone who completes the survey will be eligible for a reward. Based on Survey Quiz Score: Set up scoring logic on the survey and based on total minimum score, respondents will be eligible. First X Number of Respondents: Rewards will be given only to first X completed surveys. Drawing Random Winner(s): Add the drawing rules, read and accept the Rewards Terms and Conditions, and set the Reward End Date. After responses are collected, if you come back to the Rewards section, you will see an option for Manage Rewards. That is where you can select the random winners. For example, we want to give a reward to all respondents who complete the survey. To do so, select the qualifying criteria as All Completed Respondents. Select a Reward – Amazon.com Gift Card From the Reward drop-down, select the Amazon.com Gift Card option. By default, Test Mode will be on. Keep it ‘On’ for testing. Turn it ‘Off’ only when you want to start giving gift cards live. Enter the Gift Card Value. Each gift card will be worth the entered value. Enter Number of Gift Cards. Additional gift cards can be added later on. Enter your Rewards Page Headline, message and image (optional) for the Reward Page. This is what respondents will see after winning the Reward. Set notifications if required. Review and Confirm. A fulfilment fee of $15 or 5% of the total amount (whichever is higher) will be applicable, in addition to the selected gift card value and number of cards. Please read the Terms of Service and Save Changes. What happens when test mode is on? When test mode is on, rewards are not fulfilled. This enables you to test the survey without using up your Amazon.com Gift Cards. On the survey, when you fulfill the criteria for winning the reward, the test page for reward will be displayed. Once you are done with testing, turn off the test mode and save. When the reward is fulfilled, Amazon.com Gift Cards will be given out. Before making the survey live, please remember to delete test responses. Where can I view the gift card values available for my country? Click here to view the country-wise classification of the available gift cards. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Tango gift card
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/rewards-tango-gift-card.html
Summary: Tango Gift Card

Tango Gift Card Tango gift cards are a type of reward that can be provided to a respondent when they complete the survey based on qualifying criteria. To set up Tango gift cards as rewards: Login » Surveys » Edit » Finish Option » Rewards from Thank You Page dropdown Select the Qualifying Criteria. Select Tango Gift Cards: From the Reward drop-down in the Select a Reward section, select the Tango Gift Card option. By default, Test Mode will be on. Keep it On for testing. Turn it Off only when you want to start giving gift cards live. Enter the gift card value. Each gift card will be worth the entered value. Enter the number of gift cards. Additional gift cards can be added later on. Enter your headline, message and image (optional) for the reward page. This is what respondents will see after winning the reward. Set notifications if required. A fulfilment fee of $15 or 5% of the total amount (whichever is higher) will be applicable, in addition to the selected gift card value and number of cards. Please read the Terms of Service and Save Changes. What happens when test mode is on? When test mode is on, rewards are not fulfilled. This enables you to test the survey without using up your Tango Gift cards. On the survey, when you fulfill the criteria for winning the reward, the test page for the reward will be displayed. Once you are done with testing. Turn Off the test mode and save. When the reward is fulfilled, Tango Gift Cards will be given out. Note: Before making the survey live, please remember to delete test responses. Where can I view the gift card values available for my country? Click here to view the country-wise classification of the available gift cards. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Random winner
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/rewards-pick-a-random-winner.html
Summary:  Panel Management - Pick A Random Winner / Drawings 

Panel Management - Pick A Random Winner / Drawings "Pick A Winner" - Random Selection Drawing The Pick A Winner options are: Completed Survey - Choose the survey that panel members have completed. The winners will be picked from a pool of panel members who have completed this survey. Winner Count This is the number of winners you want to pick. For example, if you are giving away 10 amazon gift certificates, enter in 10 here. qPoint Probability Distribution The System will take into account the total points accumulated by each panel member when deciding on the random winner. Exclude Previous Winners The System will automatically exclude others who have already won. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## System Audit Logs
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/system-audit-logs.html
Summary: System audit logs are security-relevant chronological records of important events and actions from your QuestionPro account.

System Audit Logs System audit logs are security-relevant chronological records of important events and actions that are stored along with timestamp, IP address, action, user, and notes. What are the actions or events available under system audit logs? Following are the action/event logs available: Response Edited Response Deleted Reset Viewed Count Delete Test Responses Delete All Responses Survey Deleted Survey Permanently Deleted Survey Restored File Uploaded from Website Device Audit File Deleted Where can I access these logs? To access system audit logs, go to: Login » My Account (Top Right Corner) Click on your initials or logo to open the My Account drop down. Click on Global Settings in the drop down. Under Global Settings, go to the System Audit Logs section near the bottom and click on View Access/Audit Logs In the popup, you can view all logs. You can also filter and view particular action logs under All Actions. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Participant ID authentication
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/participant-id.html
Summary: How to set password security on a survey for respondents with unique identifiers.

Security - using Participant ID for respondent login Participant ID is a unique identifier which can be used by a survey respondent for authentication before attempting the survey. The unique ID can be an employee ID, student ID, etc. How can you set up security protocols for each individual respondent? You can set up password security on the survey where each respondent has a unique identifier. This identifier can be alphanumeric and contain special characters as well. This can be achieved using the Participant ID option from the Survey Authentication Options. To enable Participant ID authentication, go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Setting » Security Under Survey Authentication, select the Participant ID option. Enter the Participant ID Field Label as it appears in your lookup list. This is the title of the first column in your spreadsheet, CSV file, or list. Enter the text you would like your respondents to see under Unique Key Enter the error message you would like displayed in case of an incorrect entry under Invalid Value Click the Choose an Email List drop-down to select a list with the Participant IDs (tokens). If you don't have a pre-created email list and need to create a new one, scroll down to the next section in this document to know how that can be done. Click on Save Changes. How to create a new email list with Participant ID? To create a new list, click on Create New List. Enter the List Name, this is the name you would like the list to be identified by. Select Type: This setting has the below two options to control how the list can be used. Survey specific: The list can be used only in the survey under which it has been created. Global Survey: The list can be used across your account for any survey as well. Click on Create New List. The system will then take you to the next screen where you need to select the mode of input to add the Participant ID and other details. There are three ways to add Participant ID to the list: Option 1 Import Contacts: To upload, select the file from your system and upload. You can use the example file provided on the same page as well. Uploaded Participant ID files can have up to 255 custom variable fields in addition to the Participant ID. The file must be .xls or .csv format only. Note: The first column in the file must be the Participant ID. If there is an email list used to distribute the survey, and the email list has custom variables, the custom variables added under the Participant ID would be overwritten by the custom variables in the email list. Do not use a comma in the uploaded Excel file as this will cause column shifting and could distort the list itself. Check the box if the header row should be skipped (otherwise, it will be counted as the first set of data for the list). Click on advanced settings and select the Participant ID format from the drop-down. Click Upload File. You will be shown a confirmation screen, to make sure the fields are all accurately mapped as intended and click on save. Option 2 Add Contacts Manually: You can type individual Participant IDs, one Participant ID per line. Select Participant ID from the first drop-down. You can then start adding one Participant ID per row. You can also store additional information as needed like custom variables, etc. Click on Upload. Click on Finish once upload completes. Option 3 Copy/Paste Email Addresses: Copy and paste the user details one per row as shown below: From the drop-down select the format with Participant ID in it You can copy paste one Participant ID with other details like email address and custom values per row, separated by a comma. Click on Upload. Click on Finish once upload completes. Note: Participant IDs are not case-sensitive. How can I include the Participant IDs in the email invitation? While creating the email list, add the Participant IDs as custom variables as well in the same email list. This custom variable can be used to represent the Participant ID in an email invitation using the standard custom variable display tag click here to know more. How can I update the Participant ID list? You can update the Participant ID list by using the email list update option. Click here to know the steps on how that can be done. How can I restrict respondents from taking the survey multiple times? You can restrict multiple responses from the same respondents by enabling ABBS (Anti Ballot Box Stuffing) option. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Authentication using Facebook login
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/facebook-authentication.html
Summary: Setting up Facebook authentication for a survey 

Setting up Facebook authentication for a survey The respondents taking your survey can be validated by signing in to their Facebook account. Upon successful signing into Facebook account, the respondents will be allowed to access the survey. QuestionPro allows you to use Facebook Connect as an authentication method for the survey respondents. How do I enable Facebook Connect as survey authentication method for my respondents? To enable Facebook Connect authentication:: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Settings. Under settings, you will see three tabs - Settings, Security, and Notifications. Click on Security. Here, you will see a list of options under Survey Authentication. How does Facebook Connect work? Facebook Connect allows respondents who take your survey to first authenticate on Facebook.com. Upon a successful authentication they will be allowed to take the survey. You can also give the respondents the options to skip the authentication by selecting checkbox - "Enable Skip Authentication". Does the system store respondents Facebook details? For every response the following data is stored for reference purpose: External Reference: Facebook UID (numeric user id) Custom Variable 6: Full Name Custom Variable 7: Locale Custom Variable 8: Gender Custom Variable 9: Link License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Encrypted Media URLs
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/encrypted-media-urls.html
Summary: Encrypted Media URLs

Encrypted Media URLs Encrypting URLs for embedded media/files enhances security of your media assets further. With the default URLs, users can view/identify names and naming convention for your media files. By adding encryption, end users (respondents) will not be able to view the file name or replicate any URL patterns to gain unauthorized access to your files. How to enable media file url encryption? Go to: Login » My Account » Global Settings Enable the toggle for Encrypt Media URLs and save. How does encryption work? Once encryption is enabled, anytime you add an image or media file to your survey, the encrypted URL will be used to embed the media file securely. Please note, encrypted URLs will not be updated on any of the existing surveys already created. You can edit a survey to update the image/media file links and the encrypted URLs will be used. There is no change in process for adding an image. You can click to add an image. Select an image and save. Encrypted URL will be used and respondents/end users will not be able to see the file name of the image. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Spam index
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/spam-index.html
Summary:  Spam Index

Spam Index We run your uploaded email lists through a series of filters and preset algorithms to objectively determine the quality of your list. The possible values are: Good - No Major Issues found Fair - Some Issues found Poor - List is highly SPAM suspect. Issues found. QuestionPro WILL NOT accept email delivery for this list without manual approval from our support staff. Restricted - Not Acceptable - This list will not be accepted by QuestionPro What is the algorithm used to determine the SPAM Index? This is confidential and will not be disclosed. I uploaded my email list and the SPAM Index is "Poor" -- What can I do? Please contact customer support and provide them with ALL of the following information: Your current license and how long you have been a customer Country where your company operates: physical address, and website. Explanation of how you obtained this email list When was the last time users in this email list were contacted? Have users explicitly opted in to receive email from you? If so, do you have IP address and timestamp logs of the opt-in process? Our customer support and email deliverability staff will go over this information and may request more information if needed. Once we are satisfied that this email list will not pose a systemic issue regarding SPAM, we will be able to override the SPAM Index. The status will change to "Poor (Phone Verified/Override)" or "Restricted (Phone Verified/Override)" How long will this manual verification process take? During weekdays and regular business hours -- this will take anywhere between 1 to 3 business days depending upon the volume of requests we receive. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## SMTP
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/smtp-relay.html
Summary: SMTP Relay Mail Server Integration

SMTP Relay Mail Server Integration QuestionPro SMTP Relay lets you send survey invitation emails using your existing email service. SMTP relay uses your corporate SMTP server settings for sending emails and provides authenticity and thereby avoids the email invite being flagged off as SPAM/Junk mail. Note: We do not support Azure-based SMTP relay setups. For best reliability, we recommend using a dedicated SMTP provider such as Mailgun or SendGrid. How can I set up the mail server integration? To set up the mail server integration, go to: Login » My Account (Top Right Corner) Select My Account from the drop down. Scroll down to Account Settings and enable the toggle for SMTP Enter all details for the SMTP connection and click on the Save and verify connection icon beside the SMTP switch. Once the connection is sucessful, you will see the verified connection notification. If the connection is not successful, you will see a warning error message for invalid connection. Click on log to troubleshoot issues. Does my IT have to do anything? It depends - but very likely yes. The way the SMTP Relay system works is that, your servers will be the initial receivers of the email - even if the email is not destined to your domain. This makes sure that your servers are the initial point of contact as they email out to the wider world. Your IT staff may want to know the IP address from which we'll be sending emails (to be allowed to relay.) - Please click here to get a list of the IP addresses for our outbound servers. Can I use Azure SMTP (Microsoft/Azure) with SMTP Relay? No. Azure-based SMTP relay setups are not supported due to reliability and deliverability issues observed in production environments. If you need a supported SMTP relay option, we recommend using a dedicated SMTP provider such as: SendGrid Mailgun If you prefer to use your organization’s own mail infrastructure, ensure it is not dependent on Azure SMTP relay and that it permits relaying from our outbound IP addresses. Note: Azure SMTP relay is not supported. If you are evaluating providers, we recommend SendGrid or Mailgun for best delivery reliability. How is this different than just whitelisting IP addresses in our mail servers? By using the SMTP Relay, all emails that you send are routed through your servers. For example, if you are sending email invitations to gmail, hotmail etc. - and you would want to route all the emails through your servers - for corporate accountability, standards, archiving etc. - the SMTP Relay functionality will make sure this happens. Can I use custom from and reply-to email addresses? Yes. Once you have setup a SMTP relay, you can use custom from and reply-to email address. Please make sure the from and reply-to email addresses are allowed/accepted by your SMTP relay. To customize the from name and email address, go to: Surveys (Select Survey) » Distribute Open the dropdown for the from email address and click on Add From Email Add your required SMTP emails. Now you can use the custom from email addresses by selecting them from the drop down. A list of SMTP servers: Server Relay Port Number Authentication Send Limit (Per Day) Gmail smtp.gmail.com 465 SSL 500 emails Gmail smtp.gmail.com 587 TLS 500 emails Office 365 smtp.office365.com 587 TLS 10,000 emails Outlook smtp.live.com 587 TLS 500 emails Yahoo Mail smtp.mail.yahoo.com 465 SSL 100 emails Hotmail smtp.live.com 465 SSL 100 emails SendGrid smtp.sendgrid.net 25, 2525 and 587 TLS 10,000 emails SendGrid smtp.sendgrid.net 465 SSL 10,000 emails Mandrill smtp.mandrillapp.com 25, 2525 and 587 TLS Depend on Pricing Mandrill smtp.mandrillapp.com 465 SSL Depend on Pricing Note: If SMTP relay is used on the Main account and if it has sub-accounts, then the SMTP Relay gets applied to those accounts as well. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Domain Authentication
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/domain-authentication.html
Summary: A step-to-step guide to authenticate a user's from email domain

Domain Authentication What is Domain Authentication? Domain authentication confirms the identity of the sender through various methods to distinguish genuine messages from fraudulent ones. By taking control of your email domain, you demonstrate to mailbox providers that you're a legitimate sender, making it harder for spammers to impersonate you. While establishing brand legitimacy with domain authentication might not be as exciting as designing templates or crafting the perfect message, it's crucial for ensuring your emails don’t end up in the spam folder. Effective email deliverability begins with proper setup and authentication right from the start. Below is a quick snapshot of how you can authenticate your E-mail domain within your QuestionPro account. Click to download video How can I authenticate an email domain in QuestionPro? To authenticate your domain with QuestionPro email servers, follow the steps below: Go to User Profile >> My Account Click on Domain Authentication option in the left navigation menu. Click on New Domain button. In the pop-up, enter your email domain and click on the Next button. In the pop-up, you'll get the SPF record. Copy the SPF record and add it to your DNS. Then click on Generate DKIM Key button. In the pop-up, you'll get the DKIM selector and the DKIM key. Copy the selector and the key and add it to your DNS. Then click on the Finish button. Your email domain will be added in the list with Unverified status. Once you have added the SPF and DKIM key on your DNS, you can use the verify button to verify your domain. If you have added the SPF record and the DKIM key on your DNS then after clicking the verify icon you'll see the updated status for the domain. The status on an email domain is updated to Verified after the SPF and DKIM is added properly and DMARC is aligned. Do make sure you have a valid DMARC record on your domain's DNS to authenticate the domain successfully. The DKIM keys will be available on the QuestionPro email server within 6 hours of key generation. Also, the DNS changes requires 6 hours to 12 hours to propagate the changes. Hence, it's recommended to wait for 6-12 hours to verify your domain. Is it possible to authenticate the same email domain across multiple QuestionPro accounts? Yes, you can authenticate the same email domain with multiple QuestionPro accounts. If you're authenticating your email domain for the first time using your initial QuestionPro account, you'll need to follow the standard authentication process as outlined above. When authenticating the same email domain through a second QuestionPro account, you'll still follow the same overall process. However, instead of configuring SPF and DKIM records again, you'll only need to verify domain ownership. Below is a quick snapshot of how you can authenticate your E-mail domain within your QuestionPro account. Click to download video Follow the steps given below to authenticate same email domain through another QuestionPro account Go to User Profile >> My Account Click on Domain Authentication option in the left navigation menu. Click on New Domain button. In the pop-up, enter your email domain and click on the Next button. In the pop-up, you'll get the domain ownership record. Copy the record and add it to your DNS. Then click on Finish button. Now, click on Verify button and verify your email domain. Can I authenticate multiple different email domains? The number of email domains a user can authenticate depends upon their license. Following number of domains can be added based on your license: LicenseNo. of email domains Advanced2 Team Edition5 Research Edition10 Communities10 Customer Experience10 Workforce10 What is DMARC? Domain-based Message Authentication, Reporting, and Conformance (DMARC) is an email authentication protocol that builds on SPF (Sender Policy Framework) and DKIM (DomainKeys Identified Mail) to provide a framework for domain owners to protect their email domains from unauthorized use. DMARC allows domain owners to publish policies in their DNS records that specify how email should be handled if it fails authentication checks. This includes options for rejecting, quarantining, or allowing such emails. Additionally, DMARC provides reporting features that enable domain owners to receive feedback on email authentication results, helping them monitor and improve their email security posture. What is SPF? Sender Policy Framework (SPF) is an email authentication protocol designed to prevent email spoofing by verifying that the sending server is authorized to send emails on behalf of your domain. SPF works by checking the sender's IP address against a list of authorized IP addresses specified in the domain's DNS records. This helps ensure that only legitimate servers can send emails for your domain, reducing the likelihood of your emails being marked as spam or forged. QuestionPro supports following formats of the SPF record: Email server domain name: An SPF record using an email server domain authorizes a domain to send emails on behalf of your domain by referencing another domain's SPF record. You can find the SPF records for each data center after this section Example: v=spf1 include:_spf.qp-mail.com -all Following are the QuestionPro SPF records for each data centers: Data centerSPF record US/Seattle_spf.qp-mail.com US/LATAM_spf.qp-mail.mx | _spf.questionpro.mx US/Dallas_spf.qpsa-mail.com US/Gov_spf.qpgov-mail.com Europe_spf.qp-mail.eu Canada_spf.qp-mail.ca Australia_spf.qp-mail.com.au UAE_spf.qp-mail.ae Saudi Arabia_spf.qp-mailsa.com SPF Macros: SPF macros provide dynamic flexibility by allowing you to include variable information in your SPF records. This is beneficial for more complex setups where the authorized IPs might change based on certain conditions or parameters. Example: v=spf1 ip4:%{i} -all SPF macros are identified by unique single letters or characters enclosed in curly braces { } and preceded by a percent (%) symbol, representing separate components inside your SPF record. IP Address Addition: You can directly add IP addresses to your SPF records through your DNS settings. This allows for precise control over which IP addresses are authorized to send emails on behalf of your domain. Example: v=spf1 ip4:70.42.174.1 ip4:72.5.52.193 -all Click here to get the list of QuestionPro email server IP addresses. What is DKIM? DomainKeys Identified Mail (DKIM) is an email authentication method that adds a digital signature to the headers of an email message. This signature is created using a private key, while the corresponding public key is published in the DNS. When a recipient's mail server receives an email with a DKIM signature, it can verify the signature using the public key to ensure that the email’s content has not been altered in transit and that it originated from the authorized sender. DKIM helps prevent email tampering and phishing attacks by ensuring the integrity and authenticity of the email content. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Mobile app
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/questionpro-mobile-app.html
Summary: Using the QuestionPro mobile app - QuestionPro. Conduct surveys on Apple and Android devices, even when offline. The data is collected and stored on the device and is synced with your QuestionPro account whenever online connectivity is available.

Using the QuestionPro mobile app Using the QuestionPro mobile app - QuestionPro QuestionPro App Offline Surveys: With the QuestionPro app, you can conduct these surveys on Apple and Android devices, even when offline. The data is collected and stored on the device and is synced with your QuestionPro account whenever online connectivity is available. The QuestionPro mobile app is available on following platforms: OS Devices Device Configuration iOS iOS 11.0 and above iPhone and iPad with 32GB storage and above Android 8 and above Phones and Tabs with minimum of 4GB RAM and 32GB storage How do I use the offline mobile app? You can download and install the QuestionPro mobile app from your app store Download the app from Android Apps on Google Play Download the app from the App Store One you have installed the QuestionPro app on your tablet or phone, you can link and access your surveys by logging in to the app using the device key and password. Go to your QuestionPro account, Login » Surveys » Mobile You can access the device key and password for your devices under My Devices. Here you can add devices as needed. Device keys are for a single device and cannot be shared or used on multiple devices. If you wish to use multiple devices for data collection, you can purchase separate device keys for each device. Contact: sales@questionpro.com for bulk username/key pricing. Open the app on your tablet or mobile and enter the device key and password to link your device. What are the different settings available? To access settings and controls for the device key, click on the device name. Here, you will be abel to access and update all available device settings. Settings: Name: Name to identify the device or the device manager. Email: Email address associated with the device. Language: The language that we want to use on the device. Folder: Here you can select a particular folder and all surveys in this folder will be synced and available on the device. You can also select all folders option. You cannot have more than 20 surveys on a device. App Settings: Use this toggle to allow device managers to access and update settings on the app. Disable this in kiosk mode or if you don't want device managers to make changes to the app settings. Loop Survey: Enable this setting if you want the same survey to be displayed on the device for data collection. After response is submitted, respondents will be taken to the start page to start a new response instead of displaying the thank you page. This is useful in kiosk mode. Back Button: This option is used to Enable/Disable the survey back button on the device. Online Connect: Using this option you can allow the system to automatically sync the collected responses as the survey is being answered. Also the mobile internet should be enabled for making this option work. Include Incomplete Responses: Will also sync incomplete responses. Text to Speech: Question and answers will be read out loud. How can I analyze data collected based on the Username/Key? When respondent answers the survey on a mobile device, the username/key is stored along with the response as Custom Variable 1. This data is available with all data downloads. You can analyze data based on Custom Variable 1 which is the Username/Key. System Variable Based Grouping / Data Segmentation can also be used to analyze data based on the Username/Key. Username/Key for each response is stored in Custom Variable 1. You can set up grouping / data segmentation based on Custom Variable 1 to analyze responses based on the Username/Key. For more information see the help files for System Variable Based Grouping and for Data Segmentation. Note: Since the username/key gets stored in the custom variable 1, please DO NOT make use of custom 1 variable within the survey in branching logic or in custom script/javascript. How do I change or replace the device key in the QuestionPro App? You can change or replace a device key by these simple four steps. Step 1. Navigate to the menu bar on the app. Step 2. Click on Settings. Step 3. Click on the Device Key. Step 4. Click on Sync and Reset Device <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Customer Experience Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Device audit
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/device-audit.html
Summary: Field & Device Audit

Field & Device Audit Device Audit is an exclusive feature of QuestionPro Offline App that allows you to verify and eliminate fraudulent survey data collection. By using various on-site recordings and reviews, you can now judge if the survey data entered by a respondent is authentic or fraudulently generated by the researcher. This feature is particularly helpful when our clients and users send employees or external vendors for on-site data collection, away from their office premises where there is lack of quality control mechanisms. How can I enable survey audit? Go to: Login » Mobile Select the device you want to enable audit for by clicking on the Device Name under My Devices. By default, you will be on the Settings tab. Now click on the Audit tab. Enable Audit Mode Select the Survey from the drop down. You can now enable the following audit options: Record Audio: Select the start question on which recording to start. By default it's the first question in the survey. Select the duration you wish to record for. Capture Picture: You can ask your field agents to capture a photo at either the start of the survey or end of the survey or both start and end of the survey. Capture Location: Location will be captured and stored based on the capture points setting at either the start of the survey or end of the survey or both start and end of the survey. Save to enable auditing for the selected survey. How can I view the results of the Device Audit? Go to: Analytics » Analysis » Device Audit Once you click on the Device Name, you will be directed to the page from where you can download the recorded audio files, the image captured and view loaction. Are there any limits? Yes, standard file storage limits would apply based on your license level, you will not be able to sync the device data once you reach your account storage limit. View your account storage limit by going to: My Account » Usage » Storage Does the app require any additional permissions? Yes, the app requires access to the device Location, Front Camera, and Microphone. If permissions have been denied for any of the devices this is also captured and shown for each individual response. What file format is used for the audio audit files? For responses collected after October 1st, 2025, the audio files will be in .mp3 format. These can also be played online within the QuestionPro app under device audit or responses. For responses collected on or before September 30th, 2025, the audio files will be in .3gp format. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Device Variables
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/device-variables.html
Summary: Offline Device Variables

Device Variables What are device variables? Device variables help you with managing your devices and help with analyzing data collected on the respective devices. For example, you have 10 devices collecting data in the field. You can tag each device with specific device variables and these tags or system data will be saved along with the response. How do I assign device variables? Go to: Login » Surveys » Mobile Under My Devices click on the device name. On the popup, go to Device Variables Here, you can select the variable you wish to update and what data to update it with and save. What variables or data can I update with? Following options are avialable: Custom: Will update the variable with the set custom text. Format: String (Custom text set from web) Date: Will update the variable selected with the current date. Format: MM/DD/YYYY Example: 02/22/2020 Day: Will update the variable selected with the current day. Format: DAY Example: WEDNESDAY Time: Will update the variable selected with the current time. Format: ddd MMM DD HH:mm:ss z YYYY Example: Thu Jan 22 12:52:41 IST 2020 City: Will update the variable selected with the city (IP based). Format: City Example: Austin State/Region: Will update the variable selected with the state/region (IP based). Format: State Example: Texas Country: Will update the variable selected with the state/region (IP based). Format: Country Example: Brazil Device: Will update the variable selected with the device model. Format: Device Name and Model Example: iPhone 6 Operating System: Will update the variable selected with the OS (Android, iOS, etc.). Format: OS Example: iOS Language: Will update the variable selected with the device default language. Format: Selected Survey language Example: French Can I update variables from the offline app? Yes. Go to app settings. Click on Update Variables Select the variables you would like to update. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Manual Sync
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/manual-sync.html
Summary: Offline responses manual sync

Manually sync responses How to sync data manually? If the data is not automatically synchronized, you can do this manually. Go to the QuestionPro app and go toSettings Click on Export Select the export option and chooseManual Export The file will be sent via email and synced with the device key in your account. How do I manually sync or upload responses collected offline? Go to: Login (Surveys) » Mobile » Manual Sync » Response Upload Under Manual Response Upload, select the device key. Select the file with backup data and submit to sync and upload responses. How to access the backup data file? We backup all collected responses in a txt file on the device. The name of the file is as follows: devicekey_timestamp.txt Please see the help links below for extracting the backup file depending upon the device you are using. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Device Hardware
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/device-hardware.html
Summary: Device Key - Device Hardware Details

Device Hardware When using the QuestionPro mobile offline app, each device key is synced with a single device. For auditing or security assesment, these device details are available in your account. Where can I access the device details associated with a device key? Go to: Surveys » Mobile Click on the device for which you wish to view associated device details. In the popup, you can view the device details under the Hardware tab. Can I use the same device key on multiple devices? No. Each device key can only be used on a single device at any given time. If you wish to use multiple devices for data collection, you can purchase a separate username/key for each device. Contact: sales@questionpro.com for bulk username/key pricing. How to change the device that is associated with the device key? At any given time, a device key can be associated only with one single device. If you wish to change the device, you can either reset an active device or change the association from the device hardware tab. To reset a device, Step 1: Open the menu by clicking on the hamburger(3 lines) menu icon. Step 2: Click on Settings Step 3: Under Device, click on Device Key Step 4: Here, click on the Sync and Reset Device button. This will deactivate the device for the device key and now a new device can be used with this device key. To deactivate a device from the web app, Go to: Surveys » Mobile Click on the device name. Click on the Hardware tab and mark the device as inactive. Now you will be able to use a different device for this device key. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Push Notification
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/push-notifications.html
Summary: Push Notification

Push Notification Using Push Notifications, the administrator will now have the ability to send notification from the web to one or multiple devices that are using the offline app. It will be an easier way of notifying the users to run a sync, update the application or even send custom messages without having to use any other mode of communication. How do I send a Push notification to one device? Go to Surveys » Mobile Select the device you want to send a notification to. Select the Notification Type and enter a Message Click the Push Notification button to notify the device user How can I send a notification to multiple users at one time? Go to Surveys » Mobile Select all the devices you want to send a notification to and then click on the Push Notification button Select the Notification Type and enter a Message. Click the Notify button to send the notification to all the selected devices License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## EDU Answers
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/edu-answers.html
Summary: With census balanced results within 48 hours at $1/complete, you can spend more time digging deeper into your answers! 

EDU Answers QuestionPro EDU Answers will get you United States census balanced results within 48 hours at $1/complete, your survey must meet the following criteria: Survey must be created in QuestionPro. No open-ended questions or terminate logic. Maximum survey length 15 minutes. How to create and launch a project? Go to: Login » Audience (Product) Click on Create Project Select EDU Answers Enter a project name and select a survey, the system will validate the survey to make sure it meets the qualifications criteria, then click on Create If your survey does not meet the criteria you will be prompted to edit the survey or select a different survey. If your survey meets the criteria you can create the project. Once the project is created you can pay and launch the project. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Dropout analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/dropout-analysis.html
Summary: Meta-Analysis - Dropout Analysis

Meta-Analysis - Dropout Analysis What is dropout analysis? Dropout Analysis shows you data for all responses that are incomplete and gives you a snapshot view of where they “dropped out” – the last question they completed successfully. With the Dropout Analysis, you can analyze your drop-out rates (users not completing the survey). Login » Surveys » Analytics » Dashboard » Participant Statistics You will find Drop-Out Analysis near the bottom of the window. You will see a table listing the questions where respondents have dropped out. Why does it say Unknown Question in my Drop-Out Analysis? Drop-Out analysis data is captured based on the last question that was answered for a particular response. If respondents go back to the survey and leave the survey, we cannot determine the last question they answered. In this case, you will see Unknown Question in your drop-out analysis. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Turf analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/turf-analysis.html
Summary: TURF analysis using QuestionPro

TURF Analysis TURF analysis, an acronym for "total unduplicated reach and frequency", is a type of statistical analysis model used for providing estimates of media or market potential and devising optimal communication and placement strategies given limited resources. TURF analysis identifies the number of users reached by a communication, and how often they are reached. TURF is a statistical model that can be used to answer questions like, Where should we place ads to reach the widest possible audience? What kind of market-share will we gain if we add a new line to our model? It was originally devised for analysis of media campaigns, and has been expanded to apply to product, line, and distribution analysis. The TURF simulator calculates Optimal configurations for maximizing reach. Reach or coverage is defined as the proportion of the audience (target group) that chooses a particular option. With QuestionPro you can run TURF analysis on any multiple choice checkbox type question as well as matrix questions. Click to download video How to run TURF analysis? Let's consider an example of an ice cream shop launching flavors of ice cream. With QuestionPro we can collect feedback asking people about the ice cream flavors they like. Once data is collected, we can find answers to questions like: What will be the market share if certain ice cream flavours are launced Where should we promote these flavors to maximize reach To run TURF analysis, go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Click on TURF Analysis under the Analysis drop down Select the question to analyze. Only supported questions will be available here. Top/Down Reach Top/Down reach shows you how many potential clients you would reach if you focused on any one particular item. In this example, with the chocolate flavor, you would reach 56.25% of the total population. Please note that this is based on the number of people surveyed. You will need to be sure that your sample size is large enough to be able to make inferences about the total population you are studying. Unduplicated Reach Unduplicated reach lets you mix and match up options to determine what kind of reach you would have if you focused on those particular combinations. To use this, check the boxes next to the options you want to include in the calculation. Simulator The simulator lets you choose how many items you want to focus on, then simulates the reach, cost, and count (based on the number of responses to your survey) for every combination of choices possible. In this example, respondents had 10 choices. We ran an analysis on every combination of up to three choices to determine the best possible mix of items to focus on for the maximum reach. Select the simulation count and click Run Simulation. When running simulator, you can hold or prohibit certain options and run simulation. Hold: Options selected under hold will be set as constant and TURF will be implemented across available options. Prohibit: Options selected under prohibit will not be included in the simulation. We have the following limits for running simulations online. If the number of options exceed for the simulation count, only the maximum options allowed will be picked based on their unduplicated reach and other options with lower reach will be prohibited automatically. Simulation count Maximum numer of options 2 Simulations 49 Options 3 Simulations 20 Options 4 Simulations 14 Options 5 Simulations or over 12 Options To reduce the number of options to get within the limit for running the simulation online, you can add the options under Prohibit Price Modeling Price modeling is just as it sounds. You enter the budget you are willing to spend overall and the tolerance you have (wiggle room) within that budget. For our example, we said we had a budget of 2,500 USD and a tolerance of 10%. You can also assign weights rather than prices. Click Simulate Price Modeling to calculate the every possible option group based on the budget desired, starting with the lowest budget threshold (budget – % tolerance) and working up to the highest budget amount. Note: If you go back to the simulator, you will find that the option sets here are now calculated with pricing. Line Optimization Line Optimization calculates the group of items that will meet your minimum reach desired at the lowest cost. To use this, simply input your minimum reach desired, adjust pricing if desired (if prices were assigned in Price Modeling, they will carry over to this tab), and click Simulate Line Optimization. Can I run TURF with data filters? Yes. TURF analysis can be run with data filters. Select the filters to apply from the top right corner. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Correlation analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/correlation-analysis-pearson.html
Summary: Correlation Analysis

Correlation Analysis What is correlation analysis? Correlation is a statistical measure that expresses the extent to which two variables are linearly related (meaning they change together at a constant rate). It’s a common tool for describing simple relationships without making a statement about cause and effect. To simply say, Variables X and Y are said to be positively correlated if high values of X go with high values of Y, and low values of X go with low values of Y. In case high values of X go with low values of Y, and vice versa, the variables are negatively correlated. Click to download video What is Pearson correlation coefficient? The Pearson correlation coefficient (r) captures the strength and direction of a linear relationship between two variables. Imagine a straight line: a correlation of 1 means the data points increase or decrease together perfectly on that line. Conversely, -1 indicates a perfectly opposite trend. A value of 0 means there's no linear connection between the variables. In essence, it tells you how closely two things change together in a straight line. The following formula is used to calculate the Pearson Correlation coefficient (r): Where x and y are variables and, n = number of observations ∑xy = summation of product of ranks x and y ∑x = summation of ranks of x ∑y = summation of ranks of y ∑x2 = summation of squared ranks of x ∑y2 = summation of squared ranks of y Types of correlations with graphical explanation How can I run correlation analysis for my survey? Go to: My Surveys » Select Survey » Analytics Click on Correlation Analysis under the Analysis drop down. By default, we display 2*2 matrix which shows the corelation coeffecient of first 2 questions of the survey. To Correlate other questions: Select the questions in Rows and columns that you wish to correlate. You can also select all questions. Click on Recalculate correlation coeffecient button to generate the report. Threshold section help user with the color coding of the cells which indicates the strength of the relationship between the variables. Direct correlation will have deafult set threshold to 0.65 and has 3 colors. If correlation coeffecient value is below 0.80 to 0.65(set threshold) cell will be colored with light green indicating low strength of relationship. If the value is between 0.80 to 0.90 cell is colored with medium green and if value is above 0.90 cell is colored with dark green indicating high strength of correlation between 2 variables. In the above example, we find out the relationship between age and highest qualification, highest qualification and household income, age and household income is positive and color coded according to the strength of the relationship. This implies there is very strong association between the variables. Any increase in one variable leads to increase in other. When user enables inverse correlation, Cells with inverse relation gets highlighted. We have similar buckets in inverse correlation. If correlation coeffecient value is below -0.80 to -0.65(set threshold) cell will be colored with light red indicating low strength of relationship. If the value is between -0.80 to -0.90 cell is colored with medium red and if value is above -0.90 cell is colored with dark red indicating high strength of correlation between 2 variables. In the above example, we find out the relationship between age and gender, gender and highest qualification is negative and is color coded according to the strength of the relationship. Excel download with color coding of the cells is supported for the correlation analysis. What question types are supported for Correlation Analysis? All multi choice questions are supported for correlation analysis. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Gap analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/gap-analysis.html
Summary: GAP Analysis

GAP Analysis What is GAP analysis? GAP analysis is a methodical approach to identifying discrepancies between the current state of knowledge or performance and a desired future state. In research, it involves comparing existing research findings to research questions or objectives. This process highlights areas where further investigation is needed. Additionally, gap analysis can be applied more broadly by quantifying the difference between expected and actual performance for various attributes, prioritizing areas for improvement based on the magnitude of these gaps. With QuestionPro, you can run GAP analysis on the Side-By-Side Matrix question type, as shown below: Click to download video How to access GAP Analysis? My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Analysis Click on GAP Analysis under Analysis Select the question from the 'Choose Question' drop-down and click Next Step The GAP analysis charts will appear as shown below: Additionally, by clicking on the online report, you can see a detailed 'Overall Matrix scorecard' as shown below: What kind of report will I see? In this example, the items are arranged on a chart comparing the two measured factors, in this case, importance versus satisfaction. This makes it easy to see at a glance what items to focus on that are of the highest importance to a customer but lowest satisfaction. Customer Service Top Left Quadrant High Importance / Low Satisfaction Product Packaging Bottom Left Quadrant Low Importance / Medium Satisfaction On-Time Arrival Right Middle Quadrant High Importance / High Satisfaction How is this different than a regular “rating/satisfaction” scale? Let's take the above example. Even though “Product Packaging” has a lower Satisfaction Score here, it’s obvious from the chart that it’s of lower importance than “Customer Service.” This XY-Scatter Plot captures both the satisfaction and importance dimensions in the same chart visually. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Mean calculation
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/mean-calculation.html
Summary:  Customize Statistical Calculation 

Customize Statistical Calculation If you do not want some answer items to be included in the calculation and charts (such as N/A in a continuous choice question or the "Other" option in a question) then uncheck the box corresponding to the answer and the analysis engine will disregard that answer in all calculation and charts for that particular question. Where can I change this option? This option can be enabled/disabled by going to: Surveys » Analytics » Dashboard Scroll down to the question for which you want to customize the Statistical Calculation. On the right side of the question box, click on the small gear icon. Click Customize Statistical Calculation. Uncheck the box next to the answer(s) that you want to exclude from the chart and calculation. Click Update. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Weighted mean
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/weighted-mean.html
Summary:  What is weighted mean?

What is weighted mean? Calculating the mean: By default, for any question, the first answer option is given a score of 1, the second answer option a score of 2, etc. The formula used to calculate a mean is as follows. Xn = number of responses (such as 3 responses for the first answer option, 5 responses for the second answer option, etc.) Wn = score (default of 1 for the first answer option, 2 for the second answer option, etc.) n = total number of responses obtained for the question MEAN = [(X1 * W1)+ (X2 * W2) + (X3* W3) +… (Xn * Wn)]/n How can I customize the Statistical Calculations? To customize the Statistical Calculations. Go to: Log in >> Survey >> Analytics >> Dashboard Click the gear icon next to the question for which you want to customize the Statistical Calculations. Click Customize Statistical Calculation: uncheck the boxes next to the answer options you want to exclude from all calculations, data tables, reports and charts. Click Update. The new calculations can be found in the same location as before, under the answer options table. In my case, the first option does not necessarily represent 1 — in fact, the scores for my scales are reversed. How can I adjust the scores to be reflected in the mean? To adjust scores, you’ll want to use the Customize Scale. Log in >> Select Survey >> Analytics Click the gear icon next to the question for which you want to customize the mean. Click Customize Scale: next to each answer option, enter the weight you want to assign to the answers, then check the box next to Customized Scaling to show the customized scale mean. Click Save Scale Values I have a side-by-side matrix in my survey. What is the Weighted Average? The weighted average scoring model applies a “weight” to the matrix questions based on responses to the first item in a side-by-side matrix. Generally, the first item measures attributes like “Importance,” “Need,” or “Expectation”. In such cases, the values of the subsequent dimensions (“Satisfaction” , “Use” or “Delivery” etc.) can be weighed based on corresponding scores from the first attribute. So how is the weight for each item calculated? For each Side-By-Side matrix question, there is an “Anchor” dimension. This is the first dimension listed, and we call it the anchor. In most cases, this is the “Importance” or “Expectation” dimension. NOTE – THIS HAS TO BE THE FIRST DIMENSION YOU MEASURE. QuestionPro automatically assumes that the first dimension is the anchor. All subsequent calculations are based on the anchor. The weight for each item in the anchor is calculated by this formula: Weight(n) = Anchor Score(n) / Sum of [Anchor Score] How is the Adjusted Score for the other dimensions calculated? Adjusted Score(n) = Weight(n) * Score(n) License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Cluster Analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/cluster-analysis.html
Summary: Cluster Analysis

Cluster Analysis What is Cluster Analysis? Cluster analysis is a set of techniques or methods used to classify data(records) with similar interest into relative groups. When the records are grouped based on the variables and plotted geometrically, the objects within the cluster will be closer together, while the distance between the cluster will be farther apart. Why do we need Cluster Analysis? Cluster analysis helps marketers discover distinct groups in their customer base. Users can use this knowledge to develop targeted marketing programs for target audience. Data Reduction - A researcher may be faced with a large number of observations that can be meaningless unless classified into manageable groups. Feature coming soon License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## HotSpot analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/hotspot-image-testing-question.html
Summary: HotSpot Image Testing

HotSpot Image Testing What is Hotspot question type? QuestionPro offers a feature wherein you can show an image with some predefined sections or areas in the image to your respondents so that they can like/dislike those particular sections or areas in the image. Click to download video How do I add a HotSpot question? To add a HotSpot question: Go to: Login » Survey (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the add question button. Under advanced question types » image/multimedia, click on the HotSpot question. Hotspot question will appear as follows: You can see default rating options - Like and Dislike. You can also add a rating option by clicking on Add Option. You can choose your own color for the respective rating option. Click on the color as shown in the image below and change the color from color picker. Click on the '?' mark to add an image. A pop-up will appear showing the media library. You can either use an existing image from the library or upload a new image. Once you select the image, a pop-up will appear where you need to select areas in the image where you want the respondents to rate those areas. You can see a black border around the selected areas. You can change the border color from Settings. Click on Save Questions. What are the different properties on the HotSpot Editor? You can now create an area selection of different shapes and colors. You can edit, resize and move an area selection across the image. The properties explained below: Toolbar: Square: Create a square shaped area selection Circle: Create a circular shaped area selection Custom: Create an area selection of random shape Resize, Move: Resize the area selection and move it across the image Undo: Erase the last action done Redo: Restore any action that was previously undone Fill Color: Fill the area selection with selected color code Outline Color: Change the outline color of the area selection with the selected color code My HotSpots: All the area selections/HotSpots which are created on the image are listed here. You can rename or delete the hotspots. How do respondents answer the hotspot question in your survey? The hotspot question will appear to the respondents as follows: Here, the respondents need to click on the bordered areas and select your rating option from Select an option to provide feedback. Click on Save and proceed further to complete the survey. The respondent can also add comments in their feedback. How do I view the report of hotspot question? To view the report for HotSpot question: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Analytics » Analysis » HotSpot Analysis. Here, you will see the image with pre-defined areas. You can click on the colors used for rating (like/dislike/neutral) to view which of the rating options have been selected for each area. Derive optimal research insights through Heatmap and Hotspot Testing <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Heatmap analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/heatmap-question-type.html
Summary: Heatmap analysis question

Heatmap analysis question A heat map analysis is a graphical representation of data where the individual values contained in a matrix are represented as colors. Fractal maps and tree maps both often use a similar system of color-coding to represent the values taken by a variable in a hierarchy. Heat maps help you get an instant feel for an area by grouping places into categories and displaying their density visually. The darker the color is, the higher is the density. Click to download video How can I add a Heatmap - Image Testing question to my survey? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on the Add Question button. Under Advanced question types, select the Heatmap question type from under Image/Multimedia The heatmap question will be added to your survey workspace. Click and add the image for this question. Once you have added the image, you can update settings for this question. The following settings are available: Maximum areas for selection: Default is set to 1 area. You can allow selection for up to 20 areas. Selection Type: You can set selection type to On Click or Drag and select. Selection Border Color: Select a suitable color for the image so the selected area is clearly visible. Number of clicks remaining: Set the message to make it easy for respondents to know the number of clicks or area selections available. How do the respondents answer the heatmap? To answer the heatmap question, depending on your settings, respondents can click or drag and select an area on the image. What type of analysis / reporting do I get for the heatmap data? With the QuestionPro research platform, you can analyze the heat map data in a very sophisticated way. You will get an image representation of your original image for the data. The area that was dragged most often by the respondents would be highlighted in dark red. The lesser number of times an area is dragged, the fainter red color it would be highlighted in. The areas that were never dragged would be highlighted in blue. You will easily come to know the respondents' trend / area of focus by just viewing the image. Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Analysis » HeatMap Analysis Select the heatmap question you want to analyze. Derive optimal research insights through Heatmap and Hotspot Testing. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Column proportions test
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/column-proportions-test.html
Summary: Column Proportions Test

Column Proportions Test Column proportion test is a statistical analysis which compares 2 cells at a time using T-test and if the cells are signficantly related then it will provide a subscript of the column in the cell with which there is a significant relation. Click to download video How do I run columns proportions test under cross-tabulation? Go to: Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Select Cross-Tabulation under the Analysis drop down. From the Options drop menu, expand on Column Proportions Test menu and select the confidence percent at which you wish to run the test. Columns will be labled and significant relations will be added with the column details on the cross-tabulation data. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## TURF Reach Analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/TURF-Reach.html
Summary: Start Reach Vs. Complete Reach Vs. Respondent Reach?

Start Reach Vs. Complete Reach Vs. Respondent Reach? TURF Top/Down reach shows how many potential clients you would reach if you focused on any one particular item. Reach can be further segmented into the following buckets: Start Reach: This is the reach for all respondents who started the survey and answered this question but did not complete the survey. Completed Reach: This is the reach for all respondents who answered this question and have COMPLETED the survey, i.e., gone through the last question in the survey. Respondent Reach: This is the reach for all respondents who answered this question. How to run Top/Down reach? To access TURF analysis, go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Click on TURF Analysis under the Analysis dropdown menu. Select the question for TURF analysis. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Sentiment analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/sentiment-analysis.html
Summary: Sentiment Analysis

Sentiment Analysis What is Sentiment Analysis? Sentiment Analysis refers to the use of natural language processing, text analysis, computational linguistics, and biometrics to systematically identify, extract, quantify, and study affective states and subjective information. Sentiment analysis is widely applied to the voice of the customer materials such as reviews and survey responses, online and social media, and healthcare materials for applications that range from marketing to customer service to clinical medicine. In the QuestionPro platform, you can use the Sentiment Analysis feature to tag the comments from the respondents and arrange it according to the sentimental value of their feedbacks. To add the Sentiment Analysis report for your survey please follow the steps below: Go to: Login >> Survey >> Analytics. Click on the Text Analysis icon and select Sentiment Analysis from the drop-down menu. Click on + New Sentiment Report button to add a new sentiment analysis report. Enter the desired Report Name and select the Question from the dropdown. Select the Data Filter if you want to filter the responses . Click on Use Credits and Generate Report button. Note: The required credits will be deducted from the organization's Global Credits present under Usage Dashboard >> Credits. Click here to know how to buy credits for your organization. Click here to know more about Data Filters. The report generation process will start and you'll see the list of reports screen. After the process is completed click on the report name to open up the report. You'll see a bubble chart displaying top 10 tags for that particular question. Sentiment analysis provides you the option to drill down on a tag to reach to the root cause of the issue. Click on the tag you want to drill down from the chart. From the big percentage figure, you can check out the proportion of that tag in the entire data set. As you drill down, the comments on the right section will be filtered based on the tag you have selected. Note: In order to maintain accuracy, sentiment analysis will be performed only on phrases with 10 or more words. Can I share the sentiment analysis report with my colleagues? Yes. You can use the shareable report link generated for each sentiment analysis report(present on the top right section of the report) to share that report with your colleagues/ stake-holders. Can I combine two sentiment analysis reports? Yes. You can combine two sentiment analysis reports to generate one report and use it, by following the steps below: Select the reports you want to merge and click on the Merge Reports link. Enter the name for the merged report and click on the Merge Reports button. Your merged sentiment analysis report will be generated and you can identify the merged report by a merged symbol in front of the report name. NOTE : You can merge maximum 5 sentiment analysis reports. Also, you cannot merge two already merged reports. Can I export the tagged data from Sentiment Analysis? Yes. You can simply click on the Excel Sheet icon on the top right corner and the tagged data will be downloaded along with the themes (tags). You will get the exported data in the following format: Theme: Which will contain all the tags/theme along with the Response Count, Sentiment, and Sentiment Score for each tag/theme. Raw Data: Which will contain the Response ID, response for the selected question, Theme, Sentiment, and Sentiment Score for each tagged response. FAQs How much credits will be deducted for generating the report for 100 responses? The charges for analyzing 1 response is 0.05 credits. So for generating the sentiment analysis report for 100 responses you'll need 5 credits to be present in your organization's QuestionPro wallet. How will QuestionPro deduct the credits for generating multiple reports for same response set? Each responses will be charged only once. Hence, if you have generated a sentiment analysis report for a set of responses let's say 100 responses by paying 5 credits then you can generate multiple reports for those responses without any additional cost. Can I generate the sentiment analysis report for the responses in romanian language? The sentiment analysis report can be generated only for the responses in english language. Other languages are currently not supported by the sentiment analysis functionality. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## PathosAI
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/pathos-AI.html
Summary: Detailed help documentation for PathosAI provided by QuestionPro

PathosAI What is PathosAI? PathosAI is an in-house solution used for Text and Sentiment Analysis. Using PathosAI you can analyze your multi-line comment responses and understand the customers’ opinion and sentiment behind every keyword in the response. The tool performs following tasks: Categorize by theme and topic Implicit and Explicit Sentiment detection - at an overall level as well as by topic and theme It is designed to help our clients gain insights into their customers’ feedback, understand what is working and what is not working, and where they need to prioritize actions. These insights can help them improve specific features of their products, services and quality of interactions with their customers across touchpoints. Customers have a general tendency to openly share what they truly feel when asked to respond to open-ended questions. Therefore, our ability to analyze this data, identify implicit sentiments and emotions, and do it through a contextually aware AI model is a critical value addition to our clients. Another key element of the product is our ability to perform analysis based on the industry sector. What is important to customers when dealing with one product/service, may not be as important to them when dealing with a different industry. For e.g. safety would be most important for airline customers, but not so much for customers of a fashion retailer. We have built the dashboard answering the ‘so what’ question as we go through the dashboard from top to bottom. Note: PathosAI analyzes open-ended responses from the Comment Box (multi-line open end) questions. We do not support Single Row Text question. Language support PathosAI supports multilingual text analysis. Currently we support English, Spanish, and German. Other languages will be added shortly. How do I set up PathosAI in QuestionPro? Go to: Login >> Survey >> Analytics. Click on the Text Analysis icon and select PathosAI from the drop-down menu. How can I set up the sentiment industry? Setting up sentiment industry to categorize extracted topics into domain-based themes. To set up sentiment industry: Click on the pencil icon, select industry from the dropdown and click on update industry. The industry update can occur a maximum of three times. After selecting the industry, the system will begin analyzing the open-ended responses. You may safely log out or navigate away, as processing continues in the background. The analysis time may vary depending on factors like peak-hour traffic and the volume of responses in the queue. PathosAI automatically selects the first open-ended question in the survey sequence as the data analysis source. You have the flexibility to choose an alternative question from the question source drop-down menu, which exclusively displays open-ended questions. How to filter data? Click on Segment A pop-up appears where you can create and apply filters. Click here to know more about Data Filters. How to add breakdown? The "Breakdown" feature serves as a secondary filter, enabling a more detailed examination of the displayed data. By choosing a breakdown question, you can explore various facets of the responses and conduct a more comprehensive analysis in conjunction with the selected source open-ended question. PathosAI dashboard displays Theme and Topic filter Overall sentiment score Sentiment score by theme Response sentiment distribution Details Theme and topic filter Theme is specific to the industry while topics are sub-categories under the selected theme. You can filter responses by themes and topics. For example, by the 'Staff' theme and the 'Cabin and crew' topic. Overall sentiment score The overall sentiment score is presented on a scale from 1 to 5. The sentiment bar is distributed into 6 sentiments Very Negative, Negative, Mixed, Positive, Very Positive and Neutral Sentiments. The PathosAI model analyzes customer expressions to unearth the ‘intensity’ of sentiment. Intensity of sentiment expressed by customers show how important the issue is to them as well as the extent to which it is likely to affect their future decisions. We measure and report sentiments on the following range: very positive-----positive—-neutral----mixed----negative-----very negative The categorization between the Very Positive to Positive and Very Negative to Negative is done based on the language used by the customer, number of issues or positive areas, willingness to recommend, intention to spend, likelihood to switch, level of satisfaction. Based on this, the model predicts the correct sentiment. Very Positive sentiments refer to superior experience and potentially higher levels of loyalty and intention to spend, while Very Negative sentiment means higher levels of negativity, which could mean higher retention and revenue at risk. This categorization will help our clients prioritize the most critical areas to focus on first. Sentiment score by theme Within these charts, there are multiple themes available, yet the top 10 themes are exhibited alongside their associated sentiment scores. When the breakdown feature is enabled, it will provide sentiment scores categorized by themes for the chosen responses. For instance, if you choose responses related to "How often do you travel via airline ?" The chart will exhibit sentiment scores grouped by themes for the selected responses. When you click on any of the bars in the charts, it will prompt a pop-up window to appear, presenting all comments and details regarding the current selection. When you click on any of the bars in the charts, it will prompt a pop-up window to appear, presenting all comments and details regarding the current selection. Response sentiment distribution It presents the overall response count per theme. If you opt for positive sentiment, it will showcase the total number of positive responses for each theme, broken down by the selected answer options. Details This provides a comprehensive view of all themes and topics, including their response counts, scores, and sentiment distribution. Topics are grouped under the theme. Note: If you do not find the correct Industry match for your organization, we’ll add your Industry to our list. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## What is MaxDiff scaling
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/max-diff.html
Summary: Maximum difference scaling | Max-Diff

Maximum difference scaling | Max-Diff MaxDiff / Maximum difference scaling MaxDiff is a methodology developed by Jordan Louviere et al., that results in interval scale measurements that are based on comparative judgments that can be easily performed, even when the number of attributes is not small. The task presents respondents with a set of items, usually 3 to 6, and simply asks them to select the most preferred and the least preferred in the set (or the most important, least important; best item, worst item, etc. In fact the method is also referred to as Best/Worst scaling). Respondents can typically handle a number of these evaluations, and may be asked to respond to 15, 20, or more sets. Maximum Difference Scaling is a very effective method of establishing the relative priority attached by an audience to a large set of items (up to 30). These items might be: Features or benefits of a service Areas for potential investment of resources Interests and activities Potential marketing messages for a new product Products or Services used Traditionally, for a large number of items (more than 10) this might have been addressed via a rating scale. For example, we might ask on a numeric scale of 1..10 where 1 is not important at all and 10 is Extremely important, how important is each item? Each item's average score can then be presented for any subgroup. Click to download video How to add a Max-Diff type question? Go to: Survey » Edit » Workspace Click on the Add Question button. Click on Advanced questions. Select the Max-Diff question type from under Choice Models Question will be added to your survey. Note: Back Button is not supported in Max-Diff Question. You can add your question text and answer options. Following settings are available: Maximum Attributes Attributes Per Task Repeate Attributes Randomize Answer Options Hide Step Count Can I add images to the Max-Diff question? Yes. For your answer options, click on the more options drop-down after hovering on the answer option. Click on the Add Image option and select or upload the image. Add images for each of the required answer options. You can control the size of the image displayed under settings. By default, it's set to auto-size to window. Can I make any other changes to the Max-Diff? Yes, click here to know more about additional settings available with Max-Diff question setup. How to use MaxDiff Analysis <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Offline App Support MaxDiff is supported on the offline app. Limited to single step ONLY Related QuestionPro Certifications Discrete Choice and Pricing Models License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Anchored MaxDiff Analysis [BETA Release]
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/anchored-maxdiff.html
Summary: Anchored MaxDiff Analysis

Anchored MaxDiff Analysis What is Anchored MaxDiff analysis? Anchored MaxDiff is a simple yet effective model to enhance a MaxDiff exercise from a relative model (where one option's utility is relative to the others) - to an absolute model. Anchored MaxDiff experiments supplement standard Max-Diff questions with additional questions designed to work out the absolute importance of the attributes. Traditional MaxDiff experiment identifies the relative importance of the attributes, an anchored MaxDiff experiment permits conclusions about whether specific attributes are actually important or not important at all. It may be that feature A is twice as important as feature B, which we would find out from MaxDiff. It may also be that neither A nor B is very important at all. We would not find this out from traditional MaxDiff. With anchoring - this allows researchers to add in an additional "Anchoring" question that determines if any of the features are fundamentally important. Click to download video How does Anchoring work? There are two types of anchoring models we can use; Binary Direct Dual Response Both these models allow for anchoring add in an additional step/question into the max diff exercise in the form of a multiple-choice question What is a Binary Direct model? The binary-direct anchoring model is by far the easiest and most convenient model for the researcher as well as the user. In the Binary-Direct model, respondents are shown all the available choices and asked for all the "Must-Haves" - this allows respondents to draw a fundamental line between the "must-haves" and "nice to have" - this creates the binary anchor. What is a Dual Response model? With the dual-response model, respondents are asked to identify some, all or none of the options - using a simple uni-choice question. How do I set it up on QuestionPro MaxDiff Survey? Anchoring is turned off by default in your QuestionPro survey. You can go to the MaxDiff question and turn the toggle on to allow anchoring in your max-diff survey. What kind of output do I get when I enable Anchoring? When anchoring is enabled - depending upon the anchoring model used (binary direct or dual response) - the raw data will contain the output of that question type in an easy to understand model for a researcher. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## MaxDiff FAQ
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/max-diff-scaling.html
Summary: Max Diff Scaling - Frequently Asked Questions

Max Diff Scaling - Frequently Asked Questions Can I set up an experimental design - where the total items are larger than the items presented in a single screen? Yes. You can change the 'Maximum Attributes' and 'Attribute Per Task' to control the number of items displayed in a single screen. Maximum Attributes: If you have numerous attributes, then you can limit the attributes displayed on the screen. For example, if you have 9 attributes and you set “6” in the drop-down, this means the respondent will only see 6 attributes out of the list of 9. If you set the drop-down values as “All”, this means all the attributes (i.e. 9) will be tested. Attribute per task: Out of the selected maximum attributes we can select how many attributes we want to show per task. For example, if you set Attributes per task as “3” and Maximum Attributes as “All”, then you will have 3 cycles. What kind of utility estimation model does the system use to calculate the share of preference? The system uses the logit model. How is the Preference Share calculated? Raw Utility (Best) U(b) = Ln(B(i) / (1 - B(i))) Raw Utility (Worst) U(w) = -Ln(W(i) / (1 - W(i))) Raw Utility Raw Utility [U(i)] = Average(U(b), U(w)) Scaled U(Scaled)(i) = U(i) - Average(U) Transformed U(Transformed)(i) = EXP(U(Scaled)(i)) Preference Share Preference Share = U(Transformed)(i) / SUM(U(Transformed)) Note: Back Button is not supported in the Max-Diff question. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Notification Group
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/notification-group.html
Summary: Notification Group/ Distribution list for Report/Data Scheduler

Notification Group/ Distribution list for Report/Data Scheduler Notification group is used to add the email addresses for distributing Report/ Data Scheduler. How to create notification groups? Go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Settings » Notifications Click on the notification (bell) icon near the bottom right corner. On the pop-up, you can manage your groups or create new ones. Click on the New Notification Group button to create a new group. Enter email addresses, first and last name and save group. How can I add this notification group to the Report Scheduler? To add the notification group in the Report Scheduler, go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Scheduler Click on New Auto-Scheduled Report. Scroll down to Delivery Options. Click on the drop-down next to Delivery Mode and select Notification Group. Select the Notification Group created and fill in the other details in the pop-up window. Click on Create Scheduler Event The notification group is not survey specific, it will be visible in all the surveys. In case you wish to add new members, you can either add them to the existing list, or create a new list for different set of email addresses License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Unselected Checkbox Representation
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/unselected-checkbox-representation.html
Summary: Unselected Checkbox Representation

Unselected Checkbox Representation Unselected Checkbox Representation is a setting-based option that intends to differentiate between the answer options shown and those not shown to the respondents for the multi-select / multi-select matrix question types in the Raw Data Excel Download file. What format of data is expected in the Raw Data Excel Export when this setting is enabled? The data will be displayed in the format provided below: If the answer option is skipped or not shown to the respondent = Blank (empty cell) If the answer option is shown but not selected by the respondent = 0 If the answer option is shown and selected by the respondent = 1 If the respondent is shown all options and the respondent selects none = 0 for all options How do I set up the Unselected Checkbox representation settings? Go to: Organization » Settings » Settings Select the option Represent un-selected check boxes with '0' in exports and click on Save Changes Go to: Analytics » Export » Raw Data Export Enable the switch for Represent Unselected Checkboxes with '0' License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Plagiarism Detection
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/plagiarism-detection.html
Summary: Data quality setting to detect copied text or text entered by bots

Data Quality - Plagiarism Detection We have added plagiarism detection to our data quality checks. When plagiarism detection is enabled under data quality, we identify responses if they were submitted by bots like ChatGPT or other automated or AI solutions available. If a response is detected as submitted by bots, the response will be flagged and can also be terminated for data quality. We can detect text responses if they are pasted instead of typed in by respondents. These checks allow you to weed out bad responses and making sure that your data is clean and of the highest quality. Here is a quick glimpse of how plagiarism detection works How do I enable plagiarism detection for a survey? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Manage Data Under Manage Data, select Data Quality option. Switch on the toggle for the Plagiarism Detection data quality flag. Responses collected after enabling selected modules will be screened for the quality checks. You can click on the settings link for plagiarism detection to switch on/off Copy/Paste Detection Bot Response Detection How is the response flagged for bot detection? We have our special sauce to score response against bot responses. Responses with similarity score above 80% match will be flagged for bot detection. How to terminate a response if a bot response is detected? When data quality flags are enabled, by default the responses are only flagged. If you wish, you can also terminate responses. You can combine multiple flags under terminate logic. To terminate responses for plagiarism detection flag, you can select it under the terminate response option. Where can I check flagged responses? Go to: Analytics » Responses Here you can view the flagged responses. Click on the response ID and the response will open in a popup. Watch this video for a live walkthrough of the set up. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Click to download video License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## SPSS variable name
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/SPSS-variable-name.html
Summary:  SPSS Variable Name

SPSS Variable Name Variables are key part of any dataset. They signify how your research is conducted and what types of analysis methods can be used. When using SPSS, it is important to know how to define and compute variables for your analysis. Why should I use question codes in variable name? QuestionPro auto-generates variable names by default and you generally don't need to change these. However, if you have customized question codes which you want to use in SPSS variable names, for better readability, you can select the option to use question codes in variable name when exporting a SPSS file for your survey data. How to use question codes in variable names when exporting my survey data in SPSS? To download a SPSS file of your data, go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Under Manage Data click on the Export option. Scroll down to the Statistical Package Export (SPSS) section. Select the toggle (switch) for display question code in variable name and click on download. On the popup, you can fix errors if any and click on export. SPSS variable name has following limitations: SPSS variable names cannot start with numbers SPSS variable name cannot include spaces. SPSS variable names cannot include special characters Duplicate variable names are also not permitted in SPSS For older versions of SPSS (pre 12.0) there is a character limit of 8 Variable names cannot end with an underscore or a period Variable names with reserved words are not allowed Any changes made to question code in the SPSS variable name pop-up will be applicable only to SPSS variable name in the export file. Question codes for your survey questions will not be updated. How are question codes displayed instead of auto-generated variable names? License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## MTurk
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/MTurk-and-QuestionPro.html
Summary: Integrating QuestionPro to MTurk:

Integrating QuestionPro to MTurk What is MTurk? Amazon Mechanical Turk (MTurk) is a crowdsourcing marketplace that makes it easier for individuals and businesses to outsource their processes and jobs to a distributed workforce who can perform these tasks virtually. This could include anything from conducting simple data validation and research to more subjective tasks like survey participation, content moderation, and more. MTurk enables companies to harness the collective intelligence, skills, and insights from a global workforce to streamline business processes, augment data collection and analysis, and accelerate machine learning development. Alternatives to MTruck for your respondent panel.- QuestionPro Audience .https://www.questionpro.com/audience/ Steps to connect QuestionPro to MTurk Paste the survey link from QuestionPro on MTurk, you’ll want to start from the Survey Link template. This enables you to post a task (HIT) on MTurk that directs Workers to your survey. Step 2 You will be prompted to provide a name, description, and keywords for your survey, be as descriptive as possible and include an estimate of how long your survey will take. You can then specify how much you will pay for each response and the number of respondents (Workers) you want to participate in your survey. Step 3 Select Auto-Approval settings for your Project. This value tells MTurk how long to wait before automatically approving a Worker’s response. If you set this value too short, you may not leave yourself enough time to fully review Workers’ responses before they are automatically approved. If you set this value too long, Workers may become frustrated at the delay in receiving payment upon completion of the survey. Customers conducting surveys tend to find that three days is a good balance, but please adjust to suit your survey requirements. Tracking responses You can do this either by providing Workers with a unique completion code or collecting a Worker’s ID in the survey itself. A unique completion code when complete you can then direct Workers to provide it in the MTurk task when they are done. You can then link the survey response to the Worker in your results. Instructions for doing this with QuestionPro are below Assigning Random IDs to Respondents You may need to create a random ID for each of your respondents. This is useful if you are running a study with MTurk where you ask respondents to prove their completion with an ID. To generate a Random ID there are a few steps. First select Survey Options in the menu for your survey. Generating a Completion Code in QuestionPro To generate a unique completion code here are a few steps. Go to the question in your survey that asks Workers for their Worker ID or email address and click on logic: Step 2 Step 3 In order to Display the Embedded Data in a question click the question to edit it. Add custom code on the Thank you page, to show the unique code after completing the survey. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Migration Center
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/migration-center.html
Summary: Migration Center - Seamlessly migrate your surveys from SurveyMonkey, Qualtrics, Decipher to QuestionPro

Migration Center What is the Migration Center? The Migration Center is your one-stop solution for moving to QuestionPro — designed to save you time, eliminate hassle, and ensure a seamless transition from your current survey platform. Whether you're coming from SurveyMonkey, Qualtrics, or Decipher, we've built import tools that do the heavy lifting for you. Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to download video Why businesses choose to migrate to QuestionPro? Save valuable time: What used to take days of manual work now happens in just a few hours. Zero data loss: Your surveys and responses transfer completely intact, preserving years of data. Effortless process: Our intuitive import tools guide you through migration in just a few clicks. Secure and reliable: Our Industry-standard import tools ensure your data stays protected throughout the transfer. Bulk migration: Import up to 50 surveys at once, which is perfect for teams managing large survey portfolios. The best part is that you don't need to be tech-savvy. Our Migration Center handles all the complexity behind the scenes, so you can focus on what matters most. How can I access the Migration Center? To access the Migration Center, please follow the steps below: Log in to your QuestionPro account. Navigate to the My Account dropdown and click on the Migration Center option. You'll see all available migration tools displayed on this screen. What are the available import tools? The Migration Center currently supports migration from the following platforms: SurveyMonkey Import Tool: Import your SurveyMonkey surveys and responses using the SurveyMonkey API. Click here to learn more about the SurveyMonkey Import Tool. Decipher Import Tool: Import your Decipher surveys and responses using the Decipher API. Click here to learn more about the Decipher Import Tool. Qualtrics Import Tool: Import your Qualtrics surveys and responses using one of two methods:API Method: Import using Qualtrics API. Click here to learn more about the Qualtrics Import Tool - API. QSF and CSV Method: Import using QSF and CSV files. Click here to learn more about the Qualtrics Import Tool - QSF. How does the migration process work? The migration process follows these general steps: Click on the desired migration tool tile from the Migration Center. Click on the Import Surveys button. Enter your API credentials for the source platform. For Qualtrics, you can also import surveys and responses using the QSF and CSV files. Our system will fetch all the surveys from your source platform and display the list in the pop-up. Select the surveys you want to import using the checkboxes. Configure import options (response import preferences, destination folder). Click the Import button to proceed. The import process will start and you'll be notified via email after the process is complete. For detailed step-by-step instructions specific to each platform, please refer to the individual help documentation linked above. How can I check the list of surveys imported? To check the list of surveys imported in a specific batch, click on the count of surveys displayed next to the batch. The pop-up will open displaying the list of the surveys along with the status of survey import and response import. You can click on the survey name to preview the survey or after hovering on the survey name, click on the Open in Workspace icon to open and edit the survey. How can I check the logs of the imported batch? To view the detailed logs for the process, click on the View Logs option after hovering over the import batch. The logs will appear in a pop-up. Here you can also select to view logs for a specific survey by selecting the survey from the dropdown menu. What can I import from my current survey platform to QuestionPro? Depending on the platform you're migrating from, the following can be imported: Survey questions and answer choices. Response data (completed responses, partial responses, or no responses based on your selection). Response metadata (timestamps, IP addresses, completion status, etc.). Survey logic (availability varies by platform - check individual import tool documentation.) For platform-specific details about supported question types and features, please refer to the individual import tool help files. FAQs How many surveys can I import at a time? You can import a maximum of 50 surveys at a time in a single batch. What API credentials do I need? The required credentials vary by platform: SurveyMonkey: Access token and Server domain. Qualtrics: API key/OAuth credentials and Datacenter ID. Decipher: API key and Server domain. Will I be notified when the import is complete? Yes. You'll receive an email notification at the email address associated with your QuestionPro account once the import process is complete. Note: Make sure you have the required API call limits on your source platform subscription before starting the migration process. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Connect QuestionPro MCP servers to ChatGPT
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/connect-questionpro-mcp-chatgpt.html
Summary: Learn how to connect QuestionPro MCP servers to ChatGPT using Apps. Add any QuestionPro MCP server to ChatGPT in a few steps using OAuth — no API keys required.

Connect QuestionPro MCP Servers to ChatGPT Introduction QuestionPro MCP servers let ChatGPT interact directly with your QuestionPro account — creating surveys, building dashboards, analyzing responses, running research workflows, and more — all from a conversation. Instead of navigating the QuestionPro web app manually, you describe what you need and ChatGPT handles the workflow on your behalf. This article walks you through connecting a QuestionPro MCP server to ChatGPT using the Apps feature. The connection uses OAuth, so no API keys are required. You authenticate once with your QuestionPro account and ChatGPT receives scoped, revocable access to the capabilities you choose. What do I need before I start? Before connecting QuestionPro to ChatGPT, make sure you have: A QuestionPro account. If you do not have one, sign up at questionpro.com. A ChatGPT account on a Plus, Pro, Business, or Enterprise/Edu plan. Custom MCP-backed apps require one of these plans. The MCP server URL for the QuestionPro capability you want to connect. You will get this from mcp.questionpro.com in the next step. How do I find the MCP server URL? Each QuestionPro capability (surveys, BI, CX, and so on) has its own MCP server with a unique URL. To find it: Go to mcp.questionpro.com. Browse the list of available MCP servers and select the one you want to connect. Copy the MCP server URL shown on the server's detail page. You will paste this URL into ChatGPT in the steps below. You can repeat this process to connect multiple QuestionPro MCP servers. How do I connect a QuestionPro MCP server to ChatGPT? To connect a QuestionPro MCP server to ChatGPT: Open ChatGPT and navigate to Settings > Apps. Click + or Add app and select the option to add a custom app using an MCP server URL. Paste the MCP server URL you copied from mcp.questionpro.com. Click Connect and complete the OAuth authentication flow. You will be prompted to sign in to your QuestionPro account and approve the permissions requested by the app. Once connected, the QuestionPro app will appear in your ChatGPT apps list. Repeat these steps to add additional QuestionPro MCP servers. How do I use a QuestionPro app in a ChatGPT conversation? After connecting a QuestionPro MCP server, you can invoke it during a conversation in two ways: Type @QuestionPro in your message to reference the app directly. Alternatively, click the + button in the chat composer, select More, and choose the QuestionPro app from the list. Once the app is active, describe your task in plain language — for example, "Create a 10-question NPS survey for our product launch" or "Build a dashboard showing churn signals from last quarter." ChatGPT will use the QuestionPro tools to carry out the workflow and will ask for your confirmation before taking any write actions. How do Enterprise or Business admins enable QuestionPro for their workspace? On Business plans, apps are enabled by default. On Enterprise and Edu plans, apps are disabled by default and must be enabled by a workspace admin or owner before members can connect them. Steps for admins (Enterprise/Edu): Navigate to Workspace settings > Apps. Select the Directory tab and search for QuestionPro, or add a custom app using the MCP server URL from mcp.questionpro.com. Select Enable on the QuestionPro listing. Optionally configure access controls (RBAC), action permissions, and domain restrictions. Click Publish to make the app available to workspace members. Once published, workspace members can connect their individual QuestionPro accounts from Settings > Apps and begin using the app in conversations. How do I disconnect QuestionPro from ChatGPT? To disconnect a QuestionPro app: Navigate to Settings > Apps. Locate the QuestionPro app in your connected apps list. Select Disconnect or open the more options menu (•••) and choose Disconnect. You can also revoke access directly from your QuestionPro account under Settings > Connected Apps. Workspace admins on Business and Enterprise plans can disable the app for all members from Workspace settings > Apps.

---

## Connect QuestionPro MCP servers to Claude
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/connect-questionpro-mcp-claude.html
Summary: Learn how to connect QuestionPro MCP servers to Claude using custom connectors. Add any QuestionPro MCP server to Claude in a few steps using remote MCP and OAuth — no API keys required.

Connect QuestionPro MCP Servers to Claude Introduction QuestionPro MCP servers let Claude interact directly with your QuestionPro account — creating surveys, analyzing responses, building dashboards, and more — all from a conversation. Instead of opening the QuestionPro web app, you describe what you need and Claude handles the workflow on your behalf. This article walks you through adding a QuestionPro MCP server to Claude as a custom connector. The connection uses OAuth, so no API keys are required. You authenticate once with your QuestionPro account and Claude receives scoped, revocable access. What do I need before I start? Before adding a QuestionPro MCP connector to Claude, make sure you have: A QuestionPro account. If you do not have one, sign up at questionpro.com. A Claude account on a Free, Pro, Max, Team, or Enterprise plan. Custom connectors are available on all plans. Free users are limited to one custom connector. The MCP server URL for the QuestionPro capability you want to connect. You will get this from mcp.questionpro.com in the next step. How do I find the MCP server URL? Each QuestionPro capability (surveys, BI, CX, and so on) has its own MCP server with a unique URL. To find it: Go to mcp.questionpro.com. Browse the list of available MCP servers and select the one you want to connect. Copy the MCP server URL shown on the server's detail page. You will paste this URL into Claude in the steps below. You can repeat this process to connect multiple QuestionPro MCP servers. How do I add a QuestionPro MCP server to Claude (Pro or Max plan)? If you are on an individual Pro or Max plan: Open Claude and navigate to Customize > Connectors. Click the + button, then select Add custom connector. Paste the MCP server URL you copied from mcp.questionpro.com. Click Add to save the connector. Complete the OAuth authentication flow. You will be prompted to sign in to QuestionPro and approve the requested permissions. The connector will now appear in your connectors list. Repeat these steps to add additional QuestionPro MCP servers. How do I add a QuestionPro MCP server to Claude (Team or Enterprise plan)? On Team and Enterprise plans, an Owner must first add the connector to the organization before members can use it. Steps for Owners: Navigate to Organization settings > Connectors. Click the Add button. Hover over Custom, then select Web. Paste the MCP server URL you copied from mcp.questionpro.com. Click Add to save. Steps for members after the connector has been added by an Owner: Navigate to Customize > Connectors. Find the QuestionPro connector in the list. It will be labeled Custom. Click Connect and complete the OAuth flow to authenticate with your QuestionPro account. Each member connects individually using their own QuestionPro credentials, so Claude only accesses data that the individual user has permission to view. How do I enable a QuestionPro connector in a conversation? Once a connector has been added and authenticated, you can enable it for individual conversations: In Claude, click the + button in the lower left of the chat interface. Select Connectors. Toggle on the QuestionPro connector you want to use in the current conversation. Claude can now use the connector's tools during the conversation. Describe your task in plain language — for example, "Create a 10-question customer satisfaction survey with branching logic" — and Claude will carry out the workflow using your QuestionPro account. How do I remove a QuestionPro connector from Claude? To remove a custom connector: Navigate to Customize > Connectors. Locate the QuestionPro connector you want to remove. Click Remove or select the three-dot menu next to the connector and choose Remove. Follow the prompts to confirm removal. Note: If you need to update the connector's MCP server URL, remove it first and re-add it with the updated URL. You can also revoke Claude's access directly from your QuestionPro account under Settings > Connected Apps.

---

## Update user details
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/edit-user-details.html
Summary: Keep your account information and profile up-to-date. Learn how to update your personal information including billing and invoice information using the My Account section.

Updating User Profile - How To? QuestionPro allows you to manage and keep your account and profile information up-to-date from the 'My Account' section. Here, you can manage your email address, password, contact information, billing details, account and user settings, etc. How do I access and update my account settings? Go to: Log in » My Account (top right corner) Under My Account, you can access and manage all your account and user settings. How do I update my password? We recommend updating your password frequently. To update your password, click on the update icon for the password under My Account. On the popup, enter your current and new password and update the password. Once you have updated your password, please log in with your new password. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Update time zone
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/profile-update-time-zone.html
Summary: Don't want the default time zone of QuestionPro servers, learn how to update the time zone so the data is recorded according to your custom time zone.

Updating the time zone for an account The default time zone for all accounts is set to: United States Pacific Time. How do I change the time zone for my account? To change the time zone for your account, go to: Login » Surveys » My Account (top right corner) Under My Account, select the required timezone from the drop down. The new timezone will now be used across your account. How do I change the date format? Click on the date format drop-down and select the date format that suits your region. By default, all dates are in the format - MM/DD/YYYY so August 22, 2019, will be recorded as 08/22/2019. If you have set up a time zone for your account, then, depending on the time zone, your date format will also change. If you select any of the time zones in the US or Canada, the date format will be: MM/DD/YYYY. For rest of the world, the date format used will be: DD/MM/YYYY so August 22, 2019, will be recorded as 22/08/2019. When exactly is the time stamp recorded? The time stamp is recorded when the respondent clicks on the Continue/Submit button for the survey. For multi-page surveys, the time stamp is recorded and updated every time the respondent clicks on the Continue button. What is the default time zone for time stamp on sent surveys via email? The default time zone for the time stamp is PST (Pacific Time). If you have updated time zone on your account (e.g. GMT) then the time stamp will be as per your account's updated time zone. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Troubleshooting login issues
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/troubleshooting-log-in-issues.html
Summary: Troubleshooting log-in issues

Troubleshooting log-in issues How do I log in to my account? Use your email address used to create the account and your password to log in to your account. If you change the email address on your account, the update will apply for logging in. Please use the updated email address for logging in. Having trouble logging in? If you are the original account holder, you can enter your email address used to create your account and then click Forgot Password to have your password emailed to you. If you are NOT the original account holder, and the original account holder is no longer with the organization, you can contact Support to obtain the credentials and update the email address on the account using the process outlined under the section, “I don’t have access to the account email address,” located below. If you are attempting to log in using credentials shared with you by another existing user, STOP, and either create your own account or ask the user to create a multi-user account so that you can share surveys across accounts. I have not received the password at my email address. Please check your SPAM/Junk mail folder / filter for our email. The email is sent from the email address: noreply@questionpro.com Please add: noreply@questionpro.com to your address book and safe sender list Please request the password again. I don’t have access to the account email address. Please get in touch with Support. For security reasons, you will be asked to provide the following information: Last 6 digits for the credit card on file (required). Old username / email address for the account (optional). Link for a survey in the account (optional). Relationship with the account owner – Self/Billing Dept/Ex-Employee/etc. (required). Can I share my username and password with others to use QuestionPro? As per I.1 of the Terms of Use: Your login may only be used by one person – a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted. Sharing your username and password is a violation of our terms and conditions — which you agreed to abide by when you signed up. All licenses and usernames are SINGLE USER ONLY. Purchasing a “Single User” license then sharing usernames and allowing multiple users to access the same account is strictly prohibited. Please note that QuestionPro reserves the right to terminate an account (without any refund) at any point if we determine that users are not in compliance with the Terms of Use. Such terminations take effect immediately, and we will not issue any refunds. If we determine that users violated the Terms of Use, QuestionPro also reserves the right to terminate all current and future access, including access to any collected data. I have multiple people in my department who need to create surveys. How can I do let them access my QuestionPro account? Please either create separate accounts for each one of them, or, if you have a Corporate License, we can issue multiple accounts ($899/User/year) under your existing corporate license umbrella. A customer service representative directed me to this page. What can I do now? If you are the original account holder, please change your password by following the steps listed below. Login » Surveys » User Profile » My Account » User Profile Please make sure you do not share this password with anyone. If you are NOT the original account holder, i.e., you did not create the QuestionPro account but someone gave you the username and password, please contact that person and send this page to them. Let them know that sharing usernames/passwords is a violation of the license and grounds for immediate termination of the entire license. Please DO NOT login to the account. If you need to create or send surveys, please create a separate account for yourself and proceed. Multi-user accounts allow you to copy surveys between accounts. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Software support package
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/software-support-package.html
Summary: Software Support Package

Software Support Package The following support packages are available with the corresponding licenses:- License Support Email 24X7 Chat 24X7 Phone Dedicated Account Manager 24X7 Essentials ✔ ✔ ✘ ✘ Advanced ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ Team Edition ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ Research Edition ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ Turnaround time for email support is 24 hours. How do I get a Custom Support Agreement? Please contact Sales, and your account manager can help you. Our phone numbers: North America Toll Free Seattle, US +1 800 531 0228 United Kingdom +44 01 3449 21310 Asia Pacific / Australia Auckland, NZ +61 02 6190 6592 Germany +49 030 9173 9255 UAE +971 529 852 540 Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Two-Factor Authentication
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/two-factor-authentication.html
Summary: Secure your QuestionPro account with Two-Factor Authentication

Account verification using two-factor authentication (2-step verification) QuestionPro uses two-factor authentication to increase the security of your account. With two-factor authentication you will need both your password and a verification code sent to you via email or a SMS to your mobile device. By requiring both of these 'factors' it is impossible for a hacker to access your account using only a stolen password. How does Two-Factor authentication work? Upon sucessful login authentication, a verification code will be sent to your registered email or phone via sms. Enter the verification code within 10 mins and you will be successfully logged in to your account. Will I need to verify every time I login? No. Once a device is registered with QuestionPro you will not be required to enter a verification code every time you login. How does QuestionPro verify a registered device? We use cookies to register or identify a verified device. If you clear your browser cookies you will have to repeat the account verification process the next time you log in. Do registered devices ever expire? No. Device registrations never expire. However, you are limited to two devices at a time to access QuestionPro. If you then authenticate from a third device, you will be able to use that device going forward, and your earliest registered device will not long be able to access QuestionPro. If I use a different computer or mobile device, will I get locked out of my account? No, you will never be locked out of your QuestionPro account as long as you are able to receive the codes and verify. Can I request the 2FA code at a different email address or a phone number? No, you can't request the 2FA code at a different email address or phone number. The 2FA code will only be sent to the email address or phone number that's registered to your account. You can choose to receive the code via email or SMS. Email Delivery: If your 2FA code is sent to your email address, you can update this email address in your account settings. After successful verification of the new address, the 2FA codes will be sent there. However, we don't allow separate email addresses for logging in and for receiving 2FA codes. SMS Delivery: If your 2FA code is delivered via SMS, you can update your phone number in your account. The codes will then be sent to the new phone number registered with your account. Do I need a mobile number to use QuestionPro? Yes, you will need to verify your account access via an SMS sent to your mobile phone. If you are having trouble receiving an SMS, have lost your phone, or need to use QuestionPro without a mobile phone, our account team is online 24/7 to make sure you can still access your account. If you are using a QuestionPro Enterprise account with SSO enabled, please see below. What if my organization does not allow me to use my mobile phone for work purposes? You can access QuestionPro without a mobile number using our SSO functionality, please contact sales. My organization uses SSO to access QuestionPro. Do I still need two-factor authentication? No. If your organization has setup up SSO login to QuestionPro, 2FA is not required or needed for login. Can I opt out of two-factor authentication? No, for the security of your account, it is required that you complete the two-factor authentication process. What do I do if I am travelling internationally and cannot receive an SMS? If your device is already registered with QuestionPro you will not be required to receive an SMS to access your account, even if you are in a different country or location. If you need to use a new device to login to QuestionPro internationally and cannot receive an SMS, please contact our support team. I didn't get the verification code Please ensure the mobile number is correct along with the country code. Try resending the verification code again. If you are still facing issues, please contact our support team via chat and they will assist you with the next steps. If you are not receiving the verification code via email, please add noreply@questionpro.com to your address book. If your organization is behind firewalls or email security, please ask your IT team to allow emails from noreply@questionpro.com by whitelising it. The verification code doesn't work The verification code is only valid for 10 minutes. Please generate a new code if your code has expired by clicking on "Resend verification code". What happens if I request too many OTPs? If you generate more than 5 OTPs within 10 minutes, your account will be blocked. The reason for the block is that too many OTP attempts were made in a short period. What if I exceed daily OTP limits? If you generate more than 10 OTPs in a single day, your account will be blocked. The reason for the block is that you have exceeded the daily OTP request limit. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Network Access
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/network-access.html
Summary: Network Access

Network Access What is Network Access? Link Copied Network access is the feature provided by QuestionPro, to restrict user's access to a specified IP range. The users with the IP addresses within the range will have access otherwise, they’re denied access to the QuestionPro account. How to set up the Network Access? Link Copied Please follow the steps below to add the trusted IP range for your QuestionPro organization: Go to: My Account » Global Settings » Network Access Click on the Add Range button In the pop-up, provide the name of the IP range, add the trusted IP range, and click on the Save Changes button. The trusted IP range is set for your organization. Similary, you can add multiple IP ranges for your organization. What error will the user get if they are trying to login from the non-trusted IP? Link Copied The user will get the following error if they are using any IP address other than the trusted range specified by the primary user: Network Access: Overview <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Unable to access Chat support
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/unable-to-access-chat-support.html
Summary: Troubleshooting steps for issues related to QuestionPro Chat widget

Unable to access Chat support Having trouble accessing Chat? To troubleshoot this, please follow the below instructions: Open the chat widget https://www.questionpro.com/chat/ in the incognito/private mode of the web browser. Disable ad blockers and plugins installed on the browser that restrict your web browser from opening the chat widget. Ensure that the JavaScript of the browser is active. Google Chrome Open Chrome on your computer. Click on the 3 dots (available at the top right corner) > Settings. Click Privacy and security. Click Site settings. Click JavaScript. Select Sites can use Javascript. Mozilla Firefox Open Mozilla Firefox on your computer. Type "about:config" into the address bar of your Firefox browser window, and click enter. Select "Accept the Risk and Continue" (if asked). On the next window search "javascript.enabled". Locate the option labeled "javascript.enabled" on the search result and select toggle to turn on JavaScript. The Value column should read as "true". Restart Mozilla Firefox browser. Click OK and restart your browser. Internet Explorer Open Internet Explorer on your computer. Click the setting gear and select Internet Options, it will open a new window. Switch to the Security tab and select the Custom Level which will again open a new window. Scroll down to find the section titled "Scripting". Enable it and press the "OK" button to save these changes. Select Yes when it prompts you to confirm the change. Microsoft Edge Open Microsoft Edge on your computer. Click the 3 dots and select Settings. Search for "Javascript". Select "Javascript" for further options. Choose "Allowed (Recommended)" option as your preferred JavaScript settings. Safari Click on Safari Menu and select "Preferences" (or press Command + ,). In the "Preferences" window select the "Security" tab. In the "Security" tab section "Web content" mark the "Enable JavaScript" checkbox. Close Preferences popup window and reload your webpage Still facing issues accessing chat? If the problem persists even after following the above instructions, please provide us with the below information so we can troubleshoot this issue and get it resolved for you. Web Browser version. Operating System (OS) version. Screenshot of the error message in the browser console. You can share the information by sending us a ticket from the Contact us page and Submitting a ticket. To get the browser console, follow the below instruction on your browser. Chrome Windows, Linux OS Open a new tab. Press Control + Shift + J on your keyboard. Mac OS Open a new tab. Press Command + Option + J. Mozilla Firefox Windows, Linux OS Open a new tab. Press Control + Shift + J on your keyboard. Mac OS Open a new tab. Press Command + Option + J. Internet Explorer Open a new tab. Press F12 on your keyboard. Microsoft Edge Open a new tab. Press CTRL + Shift + i on your keyboard. Safari Click on Safari Menu and select "Preferences”. Select “Advanced”. Check mark “Show develop in menu bar” at the bottom. Go to the develop in the menu bar. Open “Show JavaScript Console”. Note: Further steps will be performed by QuestionPro's team, once we are provided with these details and we will contact you on the email you provide when submitting the ticket. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Navigating QuestionPro Products
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/navigating-questionpro-products.html
Summary: This article helps new users understand how they can navigate among diferent product categories offered by QuestionPro

Navigating QuestionPro Products What are the different navigation options for users, depending on the type of Product/ License held? EssentialsThe Essentials license comes with access to “Surveys” and “Audience”. New users who log in for the first time will have access to both the Products. With Surveys, get started with designing your perfect survey today. Add multiple question types, logic, and personalized branding. Our reports make analysis simple. From real-time shareable dashboards to our complete suite of analytics, we help you turn data into decisions in a flash.Audience offers high-quality respondents from around the globe for all your research needs. Collect responses from mobile-ready panelists that are profiled with over 300+ demographic questions to participate in research studies as you see fit. Get respondents for quick turnaround and high-frequency studies or even longitudinal tracking studies. Access 22 million+ respondents from across the globe in specialized panels or nationally representative samples. Conduct do-it-yourself surveys by accessing respondents yourself or reach out to our team for specialized requests. Research For users with the Research license, the Survey option is integrated within the Research suite. In addition to Surveys and Audience, the Research suite offers full access to all the research features, like Sentiment and Heatmap analysis. Communities, lets you understand your customers needs and expectations and make intelligent business decisions based on insights from real-time analytics. QuestionPro Online Community Software enables you to intelligently engage your customer community. We support over 50+ question types, from simple and complex surveys, to logic, branching and more. Connect with your passionate customers and get valuable feedback from them. Reward your local customers with interactive points, gamification badges, cash and donations. InsightsHub has the tools you need to share and apply insights across your Organization. It's a dedicated and searchable repository of insights data, research methods, and everything your insights team does. No more siloed research or under-utilized insights. And no more knowledge disappears when team members leave. Customer Experience QuestionPro CX is the customer experience management platform that helps your team to create strategies to continually meet the ever-evolving customer experience. With QuestionPro CX features you can share insights with employees and frontline managers to design an exceptional customer experience. Customer Experience is the sum of all the interactions that a customer has with a company over the course of the time and the customer's feelings, emotions, and perceptions of the brand over the course of those interactions. The interaction can span from the in-store experience to the call-center and digital interactions, which can include in-app, mobile, desktop and tablet experiences. In addition to the surveys, the Customer Experience Suite has the following offerings: CX. With QuestionPro CX you have in your hands a powerful customer experience management platform with a full 360° methodology that focuses on providing tools to deliver actionable CX insights fto your business. Within CX you can use the closed loop ticketing system to capture your customers’ journey at various touchpoints and share the feedback with your team. Closed Loop helps reduce the churn rate and eventually convert your detractors into promoters. CX also offers advanced dashboards with customizable widget configurations, workflow setup, sentiment analysis to focus on the quality of interactions by qualifying the text, disposition metrics to monitor emails and track customer behavior. You can also make use of the NPS+ question,exclusive to QuestionPro CX, to calculate the NPS score, the root cause and collect additional information from customers. Reputation. Reputation is an all in one platform for reputation management that monitors and action of public ratings and reviews sites, turning them into insights. This tool focuses on monitoring the conversation customers have about your product, beyond asking them directly through a customer satisfaction survey, to take immediate action. With Reputation you can reply to reviews, have real-time analytics, detailed AI sentiment analysis and set action alerts. Outerloop. Outerloop altogether has the goal of reducing the number of complaints about a specific root cause most efficiently and practically to avoid service recovery from the beginning. Outerloop gives the ability to start the initiative, build the tasks around it, hold the team accountable through huddles and be able to access all the information in one place to understand the KPI metrics that are being tracked against a particular initiative. Workforce Edition Workforce is a culture and employee experience survey and analytics platform that provides meaningful analytics and insights about your people and can help you drive the best kind of change. Our robust and intuitive analytics help you act on the most impactful data and insights around what’s driving success in your business, and what’s getting in the way of it. From proven survey templates for every step to creating your own custom questionnaires, and anything in between. Get sincere thoughts from your employees, no matter where they are: Email and SMS portal survey distribution Mobile optimized Multilingual capabilities Full confidentiality and anonymity due to the roster setup Distribute surveys based on employee roster - driven by demographics, segments, or employment milestones (e.g. hire, anniversary, exit) Automated reminders Simple and powerful analytics and insights: Numerous reporting filters Powerful insights visualization - heatmaps, trending etc. Text tagging and sentiment analysis Easy access across stakeholders - branded online portal for management reporting and team-based dashboards Engagement Tools This suite of tools is available free of charge for all users with the following offerings, Polls, a type of inquiry or survey conducted in a scientific and unbiased manner to read the public opinion concerning a certain issue or a series of issues. In a traditional method, the interviewer, or the pollster would ask a question or series of questions to a group of randomly selected people representing a certain population. Responses from participants were collected and interpretation was made manually using different data analysis techniques and statistical formulas. The modern polling technique is much easier and more accurate (about a 3% margin of error); hence widely accepted and used to conduct polls. Forms, create your online forms in a simple way to capture information from your potential customers. Create customized forms according to your brand. Modify in seconds the colors and insert your logo easily. Send notifications and alerts directly to your email when a customer answers your forms. Redirect your customers to any page you want once they have filled out the form, including a thank you message. LivePolls is a totally free user-friendly online polling tool that lets you conduct quick online quizzes, timed trivia, gather instant feedback, and show the results to participants in real time. Can I set a default product where I can always log in to? Yes. You can set the default product under My Account (Top right corner) » Global Settings » Account Settings Select the product you wish to log in to by default. Can i set the default product for all members of my organisation, that opens for them upon log in? Yes. You can set the default product for the entire organization under Organization » Settings Click the Settings button on the top right of the page. Select the product you wish all memebers of your organization to log in to by default. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Agency Partnership Referral Program
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/agency-partnership-referral-program.html
Summary: Agency Partnership Referral Program

Agency Partnership Referral Program The Agency Partnership Referral Program offers significant advantages for participating agencies. By referring clients to our company, agencies can earn a 35% revenue credit, reducing their service costs and enhancing profitability. The program encourages collaboration, allowing agencies to share credits with clients, strengthening relationships and demonstrating goodwill. With a streamlined quarterly credit application process, agencies receive timely benefits, promoting mutual growth and success. FAQ 1. What is the Agency Partnership Referral Program? The Agency Partnership Referral Program is an initiative that allows participating agencies to earn a 35% revenue credit for referring new clients to our company. This credit can be used to reduce the agency’s own licensing costs. 2. Who is eligible to participate in the program? Any agency that partners with our company and agrees to the terms of the program is eligible to participate. 3. How does the referral process work? The Agency refers potential clients to our company. If the referral results in a successful transaction, the revenue generated from these clients is calculated. A 35% credit based on this revenue is then applied to the Agency’s account. 4. How can the revenue credit be shared with clients? Agencies have the option to share the 35% revenue credit with their clients. The credit can be used towards its own costs or split with the client. 5. When and how is the credit applied? The credit will be applied to the Agency’s next billing cycle. The credit can only be used towards software licensing or any other annualized service. 6. How is the credit calculated? For example, if the referred clients generate $10,000 in revenue, the Agency would receive a credit of $3,500 (35% of $10,000), which can be used to reduce the cost of services they receive from our company. 7. How can referrals be made? Referrals can be made by reaching out to your account manager with the contact information for the client that’s being referred. 8. Is there a long-term commitment required? The standard term for participation in this program is a three year agreement between the agency and QuestionPro. Benefits Summary Earn 35% revenue credit on referred clients. Flexibility to share the credit with clients. Quarterly credit application ensures timely benefits. Strengthens client relationships and demonstrates goodwill. Encourages growth and mutual success. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Pricing
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/pricing.html
Summary: Pricing

Pricing What is included in the licensing fee? The licensing fee covers everything you will need to manage your online survey, including the survey creation wizard, email or website distribution, and tools for analyzing your results automatically in real-time. QuestionPro Pricing Will I be charged the annual fee even if I do not have surveys “Active”? Yes, the service charge includes survey authoring and results analysis. You will have access to all of the tools as long as your account is active. If you choose to cancel your account, your surveys and related survey data will be removed from our servers. Are there any account setup fees? Cancellation Fees, etc.? No, sign up and cancel your account anytime. No Hidden Fees. What is the minimum subscription? You need to subscribe for a minimum of one year, use the service as long as you want, and simply cancel your account when you are done. Your data will be stored on our servers as long as your account is active. How does recurring billing work? You have the option to get started by signing up for an Essentials License. This includes up to 200 responses for your survey. You can upgrade to any of our annual plans at any time. Your account will remain active until you cancel it. Note: Your billing cycle is considered the day you upgrade your account to the same day next year. For example: If you upgrade on Sept 25, 2020 your billing cycle starts from Sept 25, 2020 to Sept 24, 2021. After completing your survey project, you MUST cancel your account to prevent future billing. For security reasons, we cannot accept email requests to cancel accounts. If you cannot log in to the account, first try the steps outlined in the Troubleshooting log-in issues help file. If those options do not work, kindly contact our support team for assistance. Please refer to the help file for cancelling an account online. Please note that we cannot offer refunds if you forget to cancel the account. How do I upgrade my trial account? Click on : Login » Surveys » My Account (top-right-corner) » Upgrade Account Enter your credit card information and your account will be automatically upgraded. Is there a money back guarantee? No. We do not offer a 30-days money-back guarantee. How do I cancel my license? Your license may be canceled anytime under My Account. Note: You will no longer have access to any of the surveys or survey results. We recommend exporting results before canceling your account. We do not issue pro-rated refunds for cancellations. Can the survey results be exported before cancelling my license? Yes, results can be exported to MS Excel under View Results/Export. What forms of payment do you accept? We accept Amex, Visa and MasterCard. Payment is made online and your account will be upgraded immediately after your card is charged. An online invoice is also generated for your convenience. We also accept wire/bank transfers and check payments for certain annual licenses. Under My Account, you will see an option to Print an invoice. To generate an invoice please contact our sales representative. What about prepayments and discounts? Discounts are available for annual and multi-year contracts. Please contact your Sales Representative/Account Manager for more information. What about upgrades from one license level to another one? You can upgrade your account from one license level to another license level at any point in time. However, when you upgrade your account, you will be billed for the next billing cycle immediately. The account will be immediately upgraded, you will be charged a pro-rated fee for the upgrade, and your license will be extended accordingly. I am currently using the Essentials License. If I upgrade, will my data/surveys disappear? No. Upgrading from one license level to another DOES NOT CHANGE your data (surveys, responses, etc.) in any way. Can I change from a monthly billing plan to an annual license and vice versa? You can upgrade from a monthly license to an annual license. However, you cannot downgrade back to the monthly license level. Please note that we do not issue pro-rated refunds for changes in licenses. I would like to use a QuestionPro license for a single project. How much will this cost? It depends on how long you plan to collect and analyze data. QuestionPro operates on a subscription-based SaaS model, typically offering an annual (12-month) license. However, many organizations opt for project-based engagements, where pricing and terms are determined by the scope of data collection, fielding, and analysis. We recommend you reach out to a dedicated Sales Executive/Account Manager for customized pricing. You can then cancel your account. There are no cancellation fees and you can do it online. We don’t make it hard to cancel your account. If you need our services again (in the future), you can always come back and re-activate your account. Will my data and surveys be preserved if I cancel my account? No. If you cancel your account, all your associated data is removed from our servers. What about multiple users? I’d like to have more than one person access for creating and distributing surveys for my company. By default, all the licenses are Single User Only. Sharing usernames and passwords is a violation of the single user license. If you need a multiple user license: Multi-User License Option is available with Team Edition and above licenses. I am not based in the United States. How does the pricing change for different countries? The pricing does not change. Your card will be charged in US Dollars, and, depending upon your credit card company’s agreement, you will be charged in your currency. The exchange rate will be determined by your credit card company. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Invoice and receipts
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/invoice-and-receipts.html
Summary: Billing and Invoices - Payment History

Billing and Invoices - Payment History All your billing information, invoices and payment history is available under Billing and Invoices Where can I access/update my billing information and invoices? To access your billing information and invoices, Go to: Login » My Account (Top Right Corner) Click on Billing and Invoices in the drop down Here you can view/update your billing information and invoices. How can I pay for an Invoice using a Credit Card? Under Invoices/Receipts, you will see your unpaid invoices. Click on the Credit Card link under the Pay By column. On the next page, please enter your credit card information and complete the payment. I have cancelled my account. How can I access my earlier Invoices? To access your invoices, please log in to your account. You will be able to download the invoices once you log in. Please do not Re-Activate your account when you log in. You will be charged immediately if you re-activate. You don't need to re-activate your account to access your invoices. License: The feature/tools described here are available with all paid licenses. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Update credit card details
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/update-credit-card-details.html
Summary: Update or change credit card details

Update or change credit card details How can I update/change my credit card details? To update/change your card details, go to: Survey » My Account (Top Right Corner) Under billing information, click on edit. Enter the credit card details and click on the update to save the changes. Note: For security reason client's cannot remove the credit card details from their account. All licenses are either on a Monthly or an Annual contract, with recurring billing. Hence for removing the credit card details you would need to get in touch with us on live chat. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Promo codes
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/promo-codes.html
Summary: QuestionPro Promo codes

What are Promo codes? QuestionPro runs promotional campaigns in celebration of certain events or festivals. Promo codes can be applied to your account to gain a free or discounted upgrade on your free Essentials edition account. You can apply a promo code by going to your My Accounts page once you log into your account. How to apply a promo code? To apply a promo code to your account, follow these simple steps: Go to: Login » My Account (Top right corner) Enter your promo code to upgrade your account. FAQ Are promo codes available on all licenses? No, promo codes can only be used on the Essentials license. What are promo codes used for? QuestionPro promo codes are used to apply a promotional upgrade to an account. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Terms of use
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/terms-of-use.html
Summary: QuestionPro Terms of Use

Terms of Use Last Updated: March 3rd, 2026 Welcome to QuestionPro, Inc. (“QuestionPro,” “we,” “us,” “our”) and thank you for using our products and services (“Services”). The following Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) govern all use of the Services, so please read carefully. 1. ACCEPTANCE The Services are offered subject to your acceptance of these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and any additional terms and policies (including operating rules, guidelines and procedures) that may apply depending on your particular use of the Services. (For example, if you use our Rewards feature, the QuestionPro Promotion Terms and Conditions apply.) By using the Services or by clicking on an acceptance box for these Terms, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms, our Privacy Policy, and all other applicable terms and policies. If you do not agree with these Terms and policies, do not use or access the Services or click on the acceptance box. If you will be using the Services on behalf of a company or any other entity, you agree to these Terms on behalf of that entity and you represent that you have the authority to do so. In such case, “you” and “your” will refer to that entity. Additionally, since the Services are available only to individuals who are at least 18 years old, you represent and warrant that you are at least 18 years old and take full responsibility for the selection and use of the Services. These Terms are void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions. 2. REGISTRATION In order to use certain features of the Services, you may be required to register for a Services account. You warrant that any registration information (such as name, contact information, or other information) you submit to QuestionPro is accurate, complete, and not misleading, and you agree to keep such information up to date. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of these Terms and may result in immediate termination of your account. To the extent you are able to select a “user name,” you may not (i) select or use a username that is a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use a username that is a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use a username that is offensive, vulgar, obscene, or unlawful. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to cancel or refuse registration of any user name we believe violates these Terms, our policies, or the law. You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and other account information. Your login must only be used by one person; a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted. QuestionPro is not liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this Section 2. We may use your registration information and any technical information about your use of the Services to tailor its presentations to you, facilitate your movement through the Services, communicate separately with you or publish the fact that you are a user of our services. 3. YOUR CONTENT. As between you and QuestionPro, you retain ownership of the intellectual property rights of the content you submit to us or the Services (“Your Content”), except for the limited rights that enable us to perform the Services. In short, what’s yours is yours, but we do need certain permissions from you so that our processing, maintenance, storage, technical reproduction, back-up, distribution, and related handling of Your Content does not infringe applicable copyright and other laws. Therefore, in order to perform the Services, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, and irrevocable (for so long as Your Content is stored with us) license to use, reproduce, and display Your Content as reasonably necessary to provide you with the Services. You are responsible for maintaining, protecting, and making backups of Your Content. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we will not be liable for the loss or corruption of Your Content. 4. OUR CONTENT. Using the Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in the Services. You agree that all QuestionPro content and materials delivered via the Services or otherwise made available by QuestionPro (collectively, “Our Content”) are protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights and laws. Except as expressly authorized by QuestionPro in writing, you agree not to sell, license, rent, modify, distribute, copy, reproduce, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, publish, adapt, edit, or create derivative works of Our Content. However, you may print or download a reasonable number of copies of Our Content for your own informational purposes; provided, that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices within the copies. Reproducing, copying, or distributing any of Our Content or QuestionPro design elements for any other purpose is strictly prohibited without our express prior written permission. Use of Our Content for any purpose not expressly permitted in these Terms is prohibited. QuestionPro reserves any rights not expressly granted in these Terms. 5. USE OF THE SERVICES. You represent and warrant that (i) your use of the Services will comply with all laws and regulations; (ii) Your Content will not infringe or violate any third-party intellectual property rights or any laws or regulations (including, without limitation, obscenity, defamation, and privacy laws); (iii) if you use the Services on behalf of any third party, you have all necessary authorizations; and (iv) your use of the Services will not conflict with any obligations you have to any third party. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to remove, modify, prevent access to, or refuse to display Your Content that we believe violates these Terms, our policies, or the law. 6. ACCOUNTS AND FEES. QuestionPro offers a Free Account that you may use to try out our services; at any time, you may upgrade to any of QuestionPro’s paid subscriptions. If you are a paying user of the Services, you shall pay QuestionPro Service fees in accordance with this Section 6 and our pricing policy located at www.QuestionPro.com/pricing (“Fees”). You will be billed for your first subscription term immediately upon upgrading to a paid subscription. Subscriptions will automatically renew for a period equal in length to the preceding subscription period. All Fees will be invoiced in advance (on an annual basis depending upon the subscription you purchase), and the credit card last used by you for a QuestionPro transaction will automatically be charged at the start of each subscription period. All Fees are non-refundable—without limitation, we shall provide no refunds or credits for partial months of Service, for upgrades or downgrades, or for unused months of an annual account. For any subscription upgrade, the credit card last used by you for a QuestionPro transaction will automatically be charged the new Fee on your next billing cycle. We reserve the right to change the Fees and to institute new charges and Fees at the end of each subscription period. Unpaid Fees are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection. You shall be responsible for all taxes associated with the Services other than taxes based on QuestionPro’s net income. If you deduct or withhold any amount from the payment due to the QuestionPro, or otherwise fail to remit the full invoiced amount for any reason, including claimed obligations for withholding taxes or similar such taxes, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to immediately suspend or terminate service. All inquiries related to billing and credit card charges should be made in writing to ATTN: Billing/Invoices, QuestionPro Inc., 9450 SW Gemini Dr #62790, Beaverton, OR 97008-7105, USA. 7. DOWNGRADING A LICENSE QuestionPro provides its users with a free version for simple surveys or archiving purposes. However, this only contains basic functions that can be used to collect a limited number of responses. In the event of a downgrade of a commercial license to a QuestionPro Free user account or a lower license level previously used functionalities only available to the higher license level will be removed and limited to the basic functions of the lower License. Full access to the survey data may, in the case of earlier use of functions from the higher license, will not be available. In order to get access again, it is possible to upgrade the license at any time. 8. CHANGES TO THE TERMS We may amend these Terms from time to time by posting an amended version in the Services and on our website. If you are a Free Account user, the amended version will become effective immediately as of the amended version’s Notice Date. If you are a new or returning user who registers for services on or after the Notice Date, the amended version will be effective immediately. If you are a current paying user of the Services, these Terms will continue under their original provisions for your original subscriptions, and the amended version will become effective at the start of your next QuestionPro subscription period (including any new subscription or any automatically renewed subscription). Your use of the Services after an amended version becomes effective will confirm your acceptance and consent of that amended version. It is your responsibility to check the Services or our website (regularly, if a Free Account user, or prior to the start of your next QuestionPro subscription period, if any other user) for amended versions of these Terms and to review any changes. These Terms may not be amended in any other way except through a written agreement executed by both you and an authorized representative of QuestionPro. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we may amend our Privacy Policy or all other auxiliary policies at any time by posting amended versions on our website; the amended versions will become effective immediately upon posting. 9. CHANGES TO SERVICES QuestionPro is constantly innovating and evolving the Services in order to provide the best possible experience for our users. You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the Services may change from time to time without notice. Changes to the form and nature of the Services may include, without limitation, the alteration or removal of a functionality or aspect of the Services. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any part of the Services. You also agree that we may create limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts of the Services without notice or liability. (For example, if you use our Free subscription, you will not enjoy all of the benefits provided to subscribers of the QuestionPro Paid subscription.) 10. ANTI-SPAM AND EMAIL POLICY. QuestionPro expressly forbids all SPAM (the term "SPAM" meaning the sending of unsolicited email to parties unknown to the sender). If you are found to be using the Services for SPAM, your account will be subject to immediate termination. The Services may only be used in connection with email lists for which recipients have voluntarily registered. Using the Services to send email to an address you obtain without the consent of the addressee is a violation of these Terms. You are prohibited from importing email addresses for persons who have not affirmatively and clearly elected to receive your mailings. For clarity, you will only send email to persons who have willingly signed up to receive your mailings. If we receive complaints about your activities under this Section 9, your account may be subject to immediate termination. You will not send email under any company or organization name other than your own company/organization, and you will not send email with fraudulent or misleading header or source information. All email sent through the Services must be expressly for the purpose of collecting data using QuestionPro’s online surveys. Sending email through the Services to solicit any actions other than completing QuestionPro surveys is a violation of these Terms. You are fully responsible for the contents of your messages and the consequences of any such messages. We shall have no responsibility or liability for messages or other content that is created by you. You shall not send, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, or otherwise unlawful messages, material or information, including another person's proprietary information (including trademarks, trade secrets, or copyrighted information) without express authorization from the rights holder. QuestionPro will cooperate with legal authorities in releasing names and IP addresses of users who are involved in SPAM or illegal activities. 11. OTHER RESTRICTIONS You shall not use any “deep-link,” “page-scrape,” “robot,” “spider,” or other automatic device, program, algorithm, or methodology, or any similar or equivalent manual process (i) to access, acquire, copy, or monitor any portion of the Services or Our Content; (ii) to reproduce in any way or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Services or Our Content; or (iii) to obtain or attempt to obtain any materials, documents, or information through any means not purposely made available through the Services. Additionally, you shall not use any device, software, or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any transaction being conducted on the Services. We reserve the right to bar any such activity. You shall not attempt to gain unauthorized access (i) to any portion or feature of the Services, (ii) to any systems or networks connected to the Services, (iii) to any QuestionPro server, or (iv) to any of the services offered on or through the Services, by hacking, password “mining”, or any other illegitimate means. You shall not probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Services or any network connected to the Services, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the Services or any network connected to the Services. You shall not reverse look-up, trace, or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Services or any other customer of QuestionPro, or exploit the Services or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Services. You shall not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the Services or QuestionPro’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the Services. In the event of such actions, we reserve the right to implement measures to ensure the quality and availability of the Services for all other QuestionPro users. You shall not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to QuestionPro or send while using the Services. You shall not, in connection with the Services, pretend (e.g. through impersonation) that you are any other individual or entity. For Surveys sent in connection with the Services, you shall not attempt to remove any identifying footer such as "Powered by QuestionPro" or other similar message. You shall not abuse or threaten to abuse (verbally, physically, or in writing) any QuestionPro customer, employee, or agent. 12. SERVICE LEVELS The following services levels and this Section 12 apply to you only if you are an Enterprise Client user: If you are a paying user, are not in breach of this Agreement, and are not delinquent with respect to any Fees, QuestionPro will use commercially reasonable efforts to make the Services available to you with an Uptime Percentage (defined below) of at least 99.5% during the course of the Uptime Calculation Period (defined below). Our calculation of uptime shall be definitive and final. In the event we determine that we did not meet the uptime commitment, as your sole remedy and QuestionPro’s exclusive liability, you will be eligible to receive a credit for an additional month of Services. "Unavailable" means that your Services have no external connectivity during a 5-minute period. "Uptime Percentage" is calculated by subtracting from 100% the percentage of 5-minute periods during the Uptime Calculation Period that the Services were in an Unavailable state, excluding downtime resulting directly or indirectly from Service Level Exclusions. "Service Level Exclusions" are downtimes that shall not be deducted when calculating an Uptime Percentage; the Service Level Exclusions are as follows: (i) downtime caused by factors outside of our reasonable control, including any force majeure event or Internet access or related problems beyond the demarcation point of QuestionPro servers; (ii) downtime that results from any actions or inactions by you or any third party; (iii) downtime as a result of regular maintenance or patch builds; (iv) downtime as a result of significant upgrades or significant maintenance to QuestionPro software for which we have given notice; (v) downtime arising from our suspension and termination of your right to use the Services in accordance with these Terms or our policies. "Uptime Calculation Period" is the 365-day period immediately preceding the date you make a confirmed claim via email to your account manager. If you have been using the Services for less than 365 days, the Uptime Calculation Period will still be deemed the preceding 365 days, but any days prior to you becoming a paying user will be deemed to have had 100% availability. Any downtime occurring prior to a successful service credit claim cannot be used for future claims. Any claim must be received by your account manager within 30 days after a complaint of Unavailability incident. The claim must include (i) the text "SLA CLAIM" in the subject line, (ii) the dates and times of each Unavailability incident being claimed, and (iii) logs or documentation that corroborate your claimed Unavailability incidents. 13. THIRD PARTY SITES The Services may allow you to link to other websites or resources on the Internet, and other websites or resources may contain links to the QuestionPro website and our Services. These other websites are not under our control, and you acknowledge that QuestionPro is not responsible or liable for the content, functions, accuracy, legality, appropriateness or any other aspect of these websites or resources. The inclusion of any such link does not imply endorsement by QuestionPro. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods, information, or services available on or through any such website or resource. 14. USE OF AI This section and the specific levels outlined below are applicable to users utilizing QuestionPro AI services: AI-Enhanced Survey Design and Analysis: QuestionPro utilizes Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to assist clients in building sophisticated surveys, generating content, creating dashboards, and performing advanced data and sentiment analysis. Our AI tools provide tailored recommendations and analytical insights based on the context provided exclusively within the client's specific workspace. Under no circumstances does QuestionPro use the data collected on behalf of clients or generated by clients for any other purpose other than to provide better tools and services for that client. Data Privacy and Zero-Training Policy: Client data remains entirely proprietary and strictly confidential. QuestionPro explicitly does not use client survey data, responses, or account inputs to train, retrain, or fine-tune our AI models or any third-party foundational models. All client data is processed securely, isolated solely within the client's account for their exclusive use, and is never aggregated or anonymized for cross-client AI training purposes. Confidentiality and Data Protection: All data processed by our AI features is subject to our strict confidentiality and data protection policies, ensuring full compliance with relevant global privacy laws and regulations. Clients retain absolute ownership of their data. AI processing occurs in secure environments, and client data is not retained by any third-party AI providers for their own use. AI Services Disclaimer: While QuestionPro's AI services are designed to provide valuable insights and operational efficiencies, AI is an evolving technology. Decisions based on AI-generated recommendations are the sole responsibility of the client. QuestionPro does not guarantee the absolute accuracy, reliability, or specific applicability of AI-generated content to client needs. AI Service-Specific Restrictions: Use of QuestionPro's AI services is subject to restrictions, including strict prohibitions on reverse engineering AI models, unauthorized access, attempting to extract source code, or using AI functionalities for competitive benchmarking or the development of similar AI-driven services. 15. INDEMNIFICATION Client will indemnify and hold QuestionPro harmless from and against all claims, demands, actions, settlements, judgments, damages, losses, liabilities, cost and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from or related to any Client Content submitted to, posted to, or transmitted via, the Service by Client or any of its end users (including any Client Content that infringes the rights of any third party or otherwise violates any laws or regulations); provided that, QuestionPro provides Client with (i) prompt written notice of all claims and threats thereof, (ii) sole control of all defense and settlement activities and (iii) all reasonably requested assistance with respect thereto. Client will not be responsible for any settlements if they are not pre approved in writing. QuestionPro will defend, indemnify, and hold Client harmless from and against all third-party claims (and all resulting damages awarded to third parties, and costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising from infringement by the Service of any third-party U.S. patent, copyright or trademark; provided that, Client provides QuestionPro with (iv) prompt written notice of all claims and threats thereof, (v) sole control of all defense and settlement activities and (vi) all reasonably requested assistance with respect thereto. QuestionPro will not be responsible for any settlements it does not pre approve in writing. 16. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. QuestionPro MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SERVICES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, (II) THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, OR (III) THE RESULTS OF USING THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU INSOFAR AS THEY RELATE TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES. 17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN NO EVENT SHALL QuestionPro, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES (OR ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES): (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE, (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), (III) FOR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION POSTED, E-MAILED, TRANSMITTED OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE AT OR THROUGH THE SERVICES, OR (IV) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) US$500.00. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 18. TERMINATION BY YOU Subject to earlier termination as provided below, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and continue for the initial subscription period specified in the applicable SOW; thereafter this Agreement will automatically renew for consecutive periods each equal in length to the initial subscription period (unless either party provides the other party with written notice of non-renewal at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the then current period). Any current Statement of Work (or order form) governed by this Agreement will automatically extend for successive twelve month terms of service immediately following the current term if not terminated in writing between the Parties not less than thirty days prior to the end of the service period defined in that Statement of work or order form. Such renewal will be re-priced at an annual increase of thirteen point six percent (13.6%) to reflect a US CPI increase and increased cost of service. Either party may terminate this Agreement in the event the other party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days (ten (10) days in the case of non-payment) from receipt of written notice thereof. Upon termination of this Agreement, all rights granted herein to Client will terminate and Client will make no further use of the Service. The above statement is only applicable for our Free, Essentials, Professional, Advanced, Corporate, Team Edition, and Research Edition plans. 19. TERMINATION BY US We may restrict, suspend, or terminate the Services to you (i) if you fail to comply with these Terms or our policies (including without limitation, failure to pay any fees owed by you in relation to the Services) (ii) if you use the Services in a way that creates or could create liability for us, (iii) if you interfere with other’s use of the Services, (iv) if a law enforcement, judicial body, or other government agency requests us to do so, or (v) if we need to investigate suspected misconduct by you, (vi) if you exceed the maximum number of responses allowed per minute based on the restrictions on your license level. Any such restriction, suspension, or termination shall be made by us in our sole discretion, and we will not be responsible to you or any third party for any damages that may result or arise out of such restriction, suspension, or termination of your account and/or access to the Services. In the event of an urgent matter, we reserve the right to take immediate action without notice. Additionally, unless you are a paying user, we reserve the right to terminate and delete your account if you have not accessed the Services for a period of 365 days or longer. 20. EFFECT OF TERMINATION Upon termination by either you or QuestionPro, (i) all of Your Content will be immediately deleted from the Services , (ii) you will no longer access (or attempt to access) the Services, (iii) all outstanding fees owed to QuestionPro will become immediately due and payable, and (iv) we shall have no obligation to retain any of Your Content. You are solely responsible for exporting Your Content from the Services prior to termination of the Services you receive. All provisions of these Terms that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. 21. EXPORT AND TRADE CONTROLS. You agree not to import, export, re-export, or transfer, directly or indirectly, any part of the Services or any information provided on or through the Services except in full compliance with all United States, foreign and other applicable laws and regulations. 22. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS AND NOTICES. By creating an account, you hereby consent to receive electronic communications from us, including marketing emails, product updates, and other business messages. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. Electronic communications may be in the form of emails sent by us to the email address associated with your account or communications posted by us on the QuestionPro website, your “My Account” page, or the Services you utilize. We save all communication (chats, emails, and calls) between QuestionPro representatives and you for record-keeping, training and quality-assurance purposes. All notices to QuestionPro must be addressed in writing to: QuestionPro, Inc., 9450 SW Gemini Dr #62790, Beaverton, OR 97008-7105, USA. QuestionPro may provide notices to you via the email address associated with your account or through your Services account. 23. RESOLVING DISPUTES We want to ensure that you have an excellent experience with QuestionPro. If you have a problem or concern, we encourage you to first contact your account manager or Live Chat support to try to resolve any issues. However, in the event of formal proceedings, you and QuestionPro agree that these Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Washington, as if made within Washington between two Washington residents, and agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and Federal courts located in King County, Washington. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, (but without limiting either party’s right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief immediately, at any time, in any court of competent jurisdiction), any disputes arising with respect to these Terms shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the rules and procedures of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”). The arbitrator shall be selected by joint agreement of the parties. In the event the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator within thirty (30) days of the initiating party providing the other party with written notice that it plans to seek arbitration, an arbitrator shall be appointed by JAMS in accordance with its rules. The written decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding on the parties and enforceable in any court. The arbitration proceeding shall take place in San Francisco, California, using the English language. YOU ALSO AGREE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, AND AGREE NOT TO BRING A CLAIM AS A PLAINTIFF OR A CLASS MEMBER IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. CLASS ARBITRATIONS, CLASS ACTIONS, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTIONS, AND CONSOLIDATION WITH OTHER ARBITRATIONS ARE NOT ALLOWED. If you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue provisions above, then those provisions do not apply to you. For such U.S. federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of California (excluding choice of law). 24. CONFIDENTIALITY During the term of this Agreement, each party (a "Disclosing Party") may provide the other party (a "Receiving Party") with confidential and/or proprietary materials and information ("Confidential Information"). All materials and information provided by Disclosing Party to Receiving Party and identified at the time of disclosure as “Confidential” or bearing a similar legend, and all other information that the Receiving Party reasonably should have known was the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, shall be considered Confidential Information; for the avoidance of doubt, the Service and terms of this Agreement are Confidential Information of QuestionPro. Receiving Party shall maintain the confidentiality of the Confidential Information and will not disclose such information to any third party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party. Receiving Party will only use the Confidential Information internally for the purposes contemplated hereunder. The obligations in this Section 4 shall not apply to any information that: (i) is made generally available to the public without breach of this Agreement, (ii) is developed by the Receiving Party independently from the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, (iii) is disclosed to Receiving Party by a third party without restriction, or (iv) was in the Receiving Party’s lawful possession prior to the disclosure to the Receiving Party and was not obtained by the Receiving Party either directly or indirectly from the Disclosing Party. Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information as required by law or court order; provided that, Receiving Party provides Disclosing Party with prompt written notice thereof and uses its best efforts to limit disclosure. At any time, upon Disclosing Party’s request, Receiving Party shall return to Disclosing Party all Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information in its possession, including, without limitation, all copies and extracts thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to any third-party to the limited extent necessary to exercise its rights, or perform its obligations, under this Agreement; provided that, all such third parties are bound in writing by obligations of confidentiality and non-use at least as protective of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information as this Agreement. 25. NON-SOLICITATION Until one (1) year after termination of the Agreement, Client will not encourage or solicit any employee or consultant of QuestionPro to leave QuestionPro for any reason. 26. MISCELLANEOUS The failure of either party to exercise or enforce any right contained in these Terms, is not a waiver of either parties’ right to do so later. QuestionPro shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations in these Terms where such failure results from any cause beyond QuestionPro’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. These Terms are not assignable, transferable, or sublicensable by you, except with our prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and their rights and obligations without consent. Both parties agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications, and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of these Terms and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind QuestionPro in any respect whatsoever. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Privacy policy
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/privacy-policy.html
Summary: QuestionPro Survey Software - QuestionPro Privacy Policy for our products, services, research panels, maintenance and more.

QuestionPro Privacy Policy QuestionPro Privacy Policy Effective Date: June 18th, 2025 General Information This privacy policy also applies to all sites own and operated by QuestionPro - including but not limited to; https://www.questionpro.com https://www.questionpro.de https://eu.questionpro.com https://ca.questionpro.com https://ae.questionpro.com https://au.questionpro.com https://sa.questionpro.com https://www.questionpro.io https://sa.questionpro.com https://www.questionprogov.com https://www.surveyanalytics.com This Privacy Statement describes how QuestionPro collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. QuestionPro strives to conform its privacy practices, policies and/or procedures with any and all applicable international, country-specific, US Federal, state, and/or local laws, codes, regulations, and requirements, and the industry codes, standards, and regulations of various market and opinion research professional associations and/or organizations, including, without limitation, the ICC/ESOMAR International Code on Market and Social Research and the Code of Standards and Ethics for Survey Research of the Council of American Survey Research Organizations (CASRO). QuestionPro is committed to protecting the security and integrity of all personal information collected by or disclosed to QuestionPro. QuestionPro will not use any personal information for direct marketing or advertising purposes, and membership as a panel member and/or participation in any survey(s) are completely voluntary. This privacy policy identifies the personal information that QuestionPro collects; how such personal information will be used and protected; and your rights. INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE Registration In order to use this Web site, you must first complete the registration form and create a username and password. During registration, you are required to give contact information (including email address). We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest. After registering with the site, we use your email address to provide you with a series of “Ongoing Communications and Product Updates” (see "Communication from the Site"). These communications are used to give you a better understanding of the site, what it offers, and how it is best utilized. As always, you have the option not to receive these types of communications (see “Choice and Opt-out” in "Information Sharing and Disclosure"). By creating an account and providing us with your information, you explicitly consent to the collection, storage, and processing of your personal data. Orders If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name and billing address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. We will also use this information to send you ‘Service-related Communications’ (see ‘Communication from the Site’). These include email confirmations of billing transactions, account upgrades, and account cancellations. Please see “Contact Us” below. Profile We store information that we collect through user input, cookies, log files, and user surveys to create a “profile” of preferences. This profile information includes each of the following categories: Registration Information: username, password, first name, last name, email address, phone Order Information: credit card number, credit card expiration, billing address Preferences: profile information that categorizes how the software is utilized Details of the user profile are used to contact the user (see “Communication from the Site”) and provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the site. Profile information may be updated at any time by clicking on the “My Account” link while the user is logged into their administrative account. SURVEYS OR CONTESTS If you are a member of a QuestionPro research panel, we may from time-to-time provide you with the opportunity to participate in surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and/or username), and demographic information (such as zip code). We use this information gain knowledge about our users and their experience using the site. FORWARD TO FRIEND/ADD A USER A respondent may share a survey with other users by providing email addresses after completing the survey. QuestionPro will automatically send a survey link to those addresses and a one-time email that introduces and invites the addressee to the QuestionPro site. We will not share these email addresses with customers or survey administrators and will not send future mailings unless the addressee requests further communication. Any addressee who has been referred to our site or surveys may contact support-team@questionpro.com (or use the “Contact Us” link on our homepage) and request to be removed from the database. When you add a new user to your account, such as the “Add User” function on your QuestionPro account, we collect that user’s name, email address and other contact information. QuestionPro stores this information for the sole purpose of providing this service to you as our QuestionPro customer. You or the added user may request to delete this submitted information by contacting us at support-team@questionpro.com. USES OF INFORMATION Any information shared with QuestionPro during the creation of a survey is owned solely by the administrator of that survey. By the nature of how our service works, surveys need to be shared via a URL on the Internet. We provide the option to password-protect your surveys if they contain sensitive content. Email addresses uploaded to the system for the purpose of sending survey invitations and email communication are owned solely by the survey administrator. We will never share any information uploaded to the system with any 3rd parties. Data collected through surveys is owned solely by the survey administrator. By default, the data is only accessible by providing a username and password and logging into the site. There is the option to share online reports via a URL from the administrative account. The survey administrator controls this option. We will never use any of the data collected. QuestionPro may collect the Internet protocol address (the IP address) that is publicly available on your computer. The IP address is not collected for the purpose of tracking or monitoring your activity on the Internet. In non-United States jurisdictions, an IP address may be classified as personal information or personal data under applicable laws; therefore, to the extent that QuestionPro collects IP addresses, QuestionPro will collect, use, maintain, secure and/or disclose IP addresses in accordance with applicable Laws. COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE SITE Ongoing Communication and Product Updates We will occasionally send you information on product enhancements, new services, and additional instruction on utilizing our services. These communications are designed to educate our users on the services offered. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see “Choice and Opt-out” in “Information Sharing and Disclosure.” Service-related Announcements We will send you strictly service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Service-related emails are also sent confirming billing transactions, account upgrades, and account cancellations. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to cancel your account. Customer Service Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password as well an account manager contact information. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We save all communication (chats, emails, and calls) between QuestionPro representatives and you for record-keeping, training and quality-assurance purposes. Survey Invitations If you are a member of a QuestionPro research panel, we may, from time-to-time, send you email invitations to surveys. We may also periodically send you emails regarding research panel information and communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide information you request. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE Personally Identifiable Information Sharing with Partners We do not share any personally identifiable information with any third parties except as indicated below. If a user specifically requests a service from one of our partnering companies, their personally identifying information will be shared. The partnering company may contact them directly regarding their inquiry. Any requests of partnering companies are initiated solely by the user, and it will be clearly indicated that a partnering company offers the requested service. We may use the third party research panel providers to provide survey respondents for clients who request online survey panels. When you request access to such an online survey panel, your contact information will be shared with third-party research panel providers as necessary for them to provide that service. Third-party research panel providers are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We use a third-party service provider to host chat support on our site. When you request live chat support, your contact information will be stored by the service provider as necessary for it to provide its service. The service provider is prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We use outside credit card processing companies to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes. In certain situations, QuestionPro may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or similar legal process. If QuestionPro is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding personally identifiable information. CHOICE/OPT-OUT If you no longer wish to receive our product updates, you may opt out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each product update email. If you are a member of a QuestionPro research panel, you may opt out of membership in our research panels by following instructions included in each survey invitation. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. QuestionPro and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies or similar technologies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out at any-time.Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. BULLETIN BOARDS/CHAT ROOMS/ FORUM If you use a bulletin board or chat room or public forum on this site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit it here can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or public forum, contact us at privacy@questionpro.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. TESTIMONIALS We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@questionpro.com. IMPORT CONTACTS You can import contacts from your email account address book to invite them to take part in surveys. We collect the username and password for the email account you provide and will only use such information for the purpose of inviting contacts to take part in surveys. ACCESS TO PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION Upon request QuestionPro will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may update, delete or cancel your account at any time by logging into the system and clicking on the “My Account” link. Options for updating your profile and account cancellations are available. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the survey respondents have a right to access or challenge the processing of their personal data being held and managed by the administrator of the survey. They can exercise these rights by submitting an individual rights request by filling this form DATA RETENTION We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Retention is defined as the maintenance of data in a production or live environment which can be accessed by an authorized user in the ordinary course of business. For the avoidance of doubt, Data used in staging, development, and testing or draft versions of the Application shall not be retained beyond their active use period nor copied into production or live environments. After active use has expired and according to appropriate exceptions, Data shall be destroyed. For the purposes of enforcing retention in accordance with this policy each department is responsible for the Data it creates, uses, stores, processes, and destroys. QuestionPro Inc shall be responsible for enforcing the retention, archiving, and destruction of Data. The Legal Department may issue a litigation hold request to QuestionPro Security and Compliance which requires that data relating to potential or actual litigation, arbitration, or other claims, demands, disputes, or regulatory action be retained in accordance with instructions from the Legal Department. Each employee shall be responsible for returning Data in their possession or control to QuestionPro upon separation or retirement. The final disposition of such Data shall be determined by the immediate supervisor in accordance with this policy. The System will store data from your surveys/campaigns/polls as long as your account is current and active. If data is removed (User deleting surveys, responses, questions, answers, campaigns, polls, etc.) the system will remove the data permanently from the primary database servers immediately. The same data will be present in our backup systems for 7 days, after which it will be removed from all our systems. In some cases, if important items (like surveys etc.) are deleted, they may not be removed from our systems immediately. Data may be placed in a recycle bin and permanently removed after 7 days. We will not accommodate requests for restoring data from our backup systems unless it is a system or hardware failure on our part. No Exceptions. SECURITY The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information such as credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. LINKS TO 3RD PARTY SITES Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of QuestionPro. If you submit personally identifiable information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit. SOCIAL MEDIA WIDGETS Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. SINGLE SIGN-ON You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network. CHANGES IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage prior to the change becoming effective. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES AND DATA HANDLING To enhance the functionality of QuestionPro, we integrate with trusted third-party services (such as Google, Facebook, etc.) and, in doing so, may require the storage of credentials for these services. These credentials are securely encrypted in our database and are utilized strictly to access the data you authorize. We may log certain non-identifiable information to facilitate support and resolve technical issues. Additionally, we collaborate with select trusted third parties (e.g., providers of customer support and IT services) to assist in delivering, improving, protecting, and promoting our Services. These third parties are granted access to your information solely to perform tasks on our behalf, in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy. We remain responsible for their handling of your information and ensure they comply with our privacy and security standards. We are committed to safeguarding your data and do not use information obtained through Google Workspace APIs to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or machine learning models. In certain circumstances, we may disclose your information to third parties if it is determined to be reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal obligations; (b) protect individuals from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of QuestionPro or our users; or (d) protect QuestionPro's property rights. For more detailed information on our Third-Party Service Integration, please visit this page. EU-U.S. DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK, SWISS-U.S. DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK, AND THE UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.S. DPF QuestionPro, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. QuestionPro has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles with respect to the processing of personal data received from the European Union, United Kingdom (including Gibraltar), and Switzerland in reliance on the DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the DPF Principles, the DPF Principles shall govern. To learn more about the DPF program, and to view our certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Data Privacy Framework website at: https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has jurisdiction over QuestionPro's compliance with the Data Privacy Framework. In accordance with the DPF Principles, QuestionPro remains responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. QuestionPro complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, UK, or Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. INDEPENDENT RECOURSE MECHANISM In compliance with the DPF Principles, QuestionPro commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal data. Individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the DPF should first contact QuestionPro at: privacy@questionpro.com. If you do not receive a timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, QuestionPro has further committed to refer unresolved DPF complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. To file a complaint with JAMS, please visit: https://www.jamsadr.com/dpf-dispute-resolution. If neither QuestionPro nor JAMS resolves your complaint, you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration before the Data Privacy Framework Panel. For more information, visit the official site here: https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov. CONTACT US QuestionPro is committed to working with individuals to obtain a fair resolution to any complaints or disputes about privacy and personal information. QuestionPro commitment to privacy is demonstrated and documented by our internal Privacy Compliance Officer, by our adherence to the applicable laws and codes. If you have any complaints or concerns about this privacy policy you can contact: Erik Koto Privacy Compliance Officer QuestionPro 9450 SW Gemini Dr #62790, Beaverton, OR 97008-7105, USA Email: privacy@questionpro.com United States of America: +1 (800) 531 0228 United Kingdom: +44 20 8080 9780 Australia: +61 2 8074 5080 Fax: +1 (206) 260-3243 For any kind of data erasure requests you can email us at - data-erasure@questionpro.com. You can also cancel the QuestionPro account by your self. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Anti-spam policy
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/anti-spam-policy.html
Summary:  Anti SPAM Policy 

Anti SPAM Policy QuestionPro expressly forbids all SPAM (the term "SPAM" meaning the sending of unsolicited e-mail to parties unknown to the sender). If you are found to be using the Services for SPAM, your account will be subject to immediate termination. The Services may only be used in connection with e-mail lists for which recipients have voluntarily registered. Using the Services to send an e-mail to an address you obtain without the consent of the addressee is a violation these Terms. You are prohibited from importing e-mail addresses for persons who have not affirmatively and clearly elected to receive your mailings. For clarity, you will only send an e-mail to persons who have willingly signed up to receive your mailings. If we receive complaints about your activities, your account may be subject to immediate termination. You will not send an e-mail to any company or organization name other than your own company/organization, and you will not send an e-mail with a fraudulent or misleading header or source information. All e-mail sent through the Services must be expressly for the purpose of collecting data using QuestionPro’s online surveys. Sending e-mail through the Services to solicit any actions other than completing QuestionPro surveys is a violation of these Terms. You are fully responsible for the contents of your messages and the consequences of any such messages. We shall have no responsibility or liability for messages or other content that is created by you. You shall not send, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, or otherwise unlawful messages, material or information, including another person's proprietary information (including trademarks, trade secrets, or copyrighted information) without express authorization from the rights holder. QuestionPro will cooperate with legal authorities in releasing names and IP addresses of users who are involved in SPAM or illegal activities. The following item is contained in the Terms of Use. QuestionPro expressly forbids SPAM (the term "SPAM" meaning the sending of unsolicited e-mail to parties unknown to the sender). QuestionPro has a zero-tolerance SPAM policy. Any customer found to be using QuestionPro for SPAM will have their account subject to immediate termination. QuestionPro may only be used in connection with e-mail lists for which recipients have voluntarily registered. Using QuestionPro to send an e-mail to an address you obtain without the consent of such addressee is a violation of the QuestionPro Terms of Service. You may not import any e-mail addresses to your list that have not chosen to receive your mailings. You may only send an e-mail to customers that have willingly signed up to receive your mailings. If QuestionPro receives complaints about your list, your account is subject to immediate termination. You may not send mail to any company or organization name other than your own and/or with a fraudulent header or source information. We cannot and do not, monitor, censor or edit the contents of email messages sent using our system. Users alone are responsible for the contents of their messages and the consequences of any such messages. We do not assume any responsibility or liability for messages or other content that is created by our users. You may not send, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, or otherwise unlawful messages, material or information, including another person's proprietary information (including trademarks, trade secrets, or copyrighted information) without express authorization from the rights holder. We will cooperate with legal authorities in releasing names and IP addresses of users who are involved in SPAM or other illegal activities. Indications that you might be sending SPAM: You purchased or rented a list You are sending to general addresses such as: sales@domain.com, business@domain.com, webmaster@domain.com, info@domain.com, or other general addresses. You are mailing to anyone who has not agreed to receive email from you. You have falsified your originating address or transmission path information. You have used a third party email address or domain name without their permission. Your subject line contain false or misleading information. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Registered Devices Logs
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/registered-devices.html
Summary: Device Details

Login Details and Registered Devices QuestionPro accounts are meant for single person use only. If you wish to collaborate, we do ofer team plans. With all plans however, each account is still a single use account. For safety and security of your account, we provide you easy access to devices used for logging into QuestionPro. Where can I access my login session & device details? To access the login session & device details, simply click on your license name which is present on the bottom left corner of your account: This will open up the Account Activity pop-up. In the pop-up, under Sessions tab, you can see all the active login sessions for your account. In the pop-up, you can switch to the Login tab to view all historic logins for your account. In the pop-up, under Devices tab, you will see the last 2 devices used to access your account. We allow 2 devices to be used to log in to QuestionPro. If you wish to use a new device, you will be asked for two-factor authentication. Please see the detailed article linked below. What is a registered device? When you log in to your QuestionPro account, we add your device as a registered device. A registered device is combination of your device and browser. We use cookies to register a device. If you clear cookies, and log in again, your device will again be registered as a new device. If you use a different browser on the same physical device, it will be considered as a separate device. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## CAN-SPAM Compliance
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/can-spam-compliance-tool.html
Summary: CAN-SPAM Compliance 

CAN-SPAM Compliance The CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 (Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act) establishes requirements for those who send commercial email, spells out penalties for spammers and companies whose products are advertised in spam if they violate the law, and gives consumers the right to ask emailers to stop spamming them. The law, which became effective January 1, 2004, covers email whose primary purpose is advertising or promoting a commercial product or service, including content on a Web site. A "transactional or relationship message", an email that facilitates an agreed-upon transaction or updates a customer in an existing business relationship, may not contain false or misleading routing information, but otherwise is exempt from most provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC), the nation's consumer protection agency, is authorized to enforce the CAN-SPAM Act. CAN-SPAM also gives the Department of Justice (DOJ) the authority to enforce its criminal sanctions. Other federal and state agencies can enforce the law against organizations under their jurisdiction, and companies that provide Internet access may sue violators, as well. What does the law require? It bans false or misleading header information. Your email's "From," "To," and routing information, inncluding the originating domain name and email address, must be accurate and identify the person who initiated the email. It prohibits deceptive subject lines. The subject line cannot mislead the recipient about the contents or subject matter of the message. It requires that your email give recipients an opt-out method. You must provide a return email address or another Internet-based response mechanism that allows a recipient to ask you not to send future email messages to that email address, and you must honor the requests. You may create a "menu" of choices to allow a recipient to opt out of certain types of messages, but you must include the option to end any commercial messages from the sender. It requires that commercial email be identified as an advertisement and include the sender's valid physical postal address. Your message must contain clear and conspicuous notice that the message is an advertisement or solicitation and that the recipient can opt out of receiving more commercial email from you. It also must include your valid physical postal address. What about the first two requirements? Valid "From" email addresses and deceptive subject lines? Both these requirements are for you to fulfill. When sending out survey invitations please make sure that the subject lines are relevant and you always use your own email address as the "From" address. How do I comply with CAN-SPAM? Log in to your account. If CAN SPAM update is pending, you will see a banner for pending verifications. Click on the Verify link for CAN SPAM Fill in the correct details and click on the Update button to save. How do I update or change CAN-SPAM details? Go to: Surveys » Distribute » Email Under the Compose section, near the bottom right corner, click on the CAN-SPAM link to update details. Is CAN-SPAM Compliance a requirement? Is it really necessary? As of April 15th 2006, we have made it mandatory that all emails sent using QuestionPro comply with the CAN-SPAM law. If CAN-SPAM Compliance is not enabled, you will not be able to send emails using QuestionPro. I am sending survey invitations to my customers/clients. Do I need to have the CAN-SPAM Compliance? Yes - All emails (including survey invitations) sent using QuestionPro must be CAN-SPAM compliant. The services for QuestionPro operate out of the United States and we need to follow federal US laws. This cannot be turned off. I don't live in the USA. Is this still necessary? Yes. Irrespective of the country you live in, we are legally required to include a physical address of the sender in every email. You will need to comply with CAN-SPAM address verification. CAN-SPAM verification will help with improving email delivery and benefits email delivery to the inbox directly. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## CCPA Compliance
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/ccpa-compliance.html
Summary: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Compliance

California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Compliance What is CCPA Compliance? Link Copied The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a bill intended to enhance privacy rights and consumer protection for residents of California, United States. The intentions of the Act are to provide California residents with the right to: Know what personal data is being collected about them. Know whether their personal data is sold or disclosed and to whom. Say no to the sale of personal data. Access their personal data. Request a business to delete any personal information about a consumer collected from that consumer. Not be discriminated against for exercising their privacy rights. How to set up CCPA compliance for my QuestionPro account? Link Copied Please follow the steps below to set up CCPA compliance for your QuestionPro account: Go to Surveys >> My Account(Top Right Corner) >> Compliance >> Privacy Enable the CCPA Compliance toggle. Modify the policy document if required. Click on Save Changes. How the respondents can request to delete their data? Link Copied After the CCPA is setup for your account, all the surveys will have a link to Privacy and Data Security on the left bottom part of the survey. The respondents can click on this link to open the privacy pop-up. The respondents will get a list of surveys answered by them in the pop-up, from where the respondents can either download their responses or request to delete those responses. How to view the deletion requests from the respondents? Link Copied You can view the deletion requests by going to Surveys >> My Account(Top Right Corner) >> Compliance >> Privacy and clicking on the Deletion Requests tab. You can delete the responses directly from here for the respondents who have requested to delete their data. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Accessibility Statement
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/accessibility-statement.html
Summary: QuestionPro Accessibility Statement

QuestionPro Accessibility Statement Survey Respondent Interface Accessible Layout At QuestionPro, we are committed to making our surveys accessible to everyone, including users with visual, hearing, motor, or cognitive impairments. Keyboard Navigation: On desktop devices, surveys can be completed without a mouse. Use the Tab key to navigate between elements and the Enter key to make selections. Screen Reader Support: Our survey platform is compatible with popular screen readers. We recommend using JAWS version 16 or later, as well as the latest version of Google Chrome for best results. Standards Compliance: The respondent experience in QuestionPro surveys is designed to comply with: Section 508 of the U.S. Rehabilitation Act European Accessibility Act (EAA) WCAG 2.1 Level AA EN 301 549 (European accessibility requirements for ICT products and services) If you encounter accessibility issues or need assistance, please contact your Account Manager or email us at support-team@questionpro.com. How to enable accessibility on a survey? Go to: Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit Click on on the Design tab. Under Survey Layout, select the Accessible layout. Save and Apply and your survey will be accessibility compliant. Which are the question types compatible and supported for accessibility? For accessibility, we want to make the surveys as easy as possible to answer. Keeping the surveys simple should be the primary goal. To achive this, certain question types like drag and drop, image hotspot or heatmap, and complex questions like flex matrix, etc. aren't supported. Settings like auto-advance and auto-submit along with tools like exit survey button are disabled on 508 compliant or accessible surveys to ease navigation through the survey. Following is a complete list of question types with accessibilitiy support: Basic Question Types: Multiple Choice Select One Select Many Drop-down Menu Text Comment Box Single Row Text Email Address Contact Information Graphical Rating Star Rating Smiley - Rating Thumbs Up/Down Image Chooser Select One Select Many Rating Ordering Rank Order Constant Sum Basic Matrix Multi-Point Scales Multi-Select Spreadsheet Static Content Presentation Text Section Heading Section Sub-Heading Misc Date / Time Calendar Advanced Question Types Customer Satisfaction Net Promoter Score Pricing Analysis Van Westendorp Data Reference Reference Data Lookup Table Logic Custom Logic Engine Survey administration and editing interface The QuestionPro administrative and editing interface has not been certified or tested for accessibility. QuestionPro will strive to provide support for, and facilitate the accommodation of individuals with disabilities so that all may share the same level of access to the Product/Surveys. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---
