QuestionPro Help — Surveys: Reporting And Analytics
Source: QuestionPro Help (surveys.questionpro.com)
Articles: 59
============================================================

## Responses - raw data
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/response-viewer.html
Summary:  Responses - raw data 

Responses - raw data Responses that are collected for your surveys are available to view in the raw (unprocessed) data format in the response viewer. It's a real time view of your data. Use the response viewer to view, edit, or delete individual responses. You can also use the response viewer to access individual spotlight reports, email individual responses, print individual responses, or delete responses. Where can I see the responses collected for my survey? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics Select the responses option from the drop down under dashboard. All your responses are available in the Response Viewer Following options are available in the response viewer: By default, question and answer data is not displayed. To see this data, switch on the toggle switch for Display Questions. You can control which data you want to see by using the Show/Hide Columns option. You can export the raw data by clicking on the XLS icon. You can search for responses in the search bar. You can search using the response id's. You can search multiple response id's using a comma separated list. You can also search using an email address. You can search using either the external reference variable or custom variables 1-5. By default, all responses are displayed under the response viewer. To view responses by particular status, you can click open the All Responses drop-down and select from the following options to view: All responses (default selection) Completed Started but not completed Terminates Data segments - all user created data segments Can I search for specific responses? Yes. You can search the response viewer for responses using either the response ID, email address, external reference variable, or custom variables 1-5. To search for a specific response, if you know the response ID or the email address, you can search by entering this data. You can also search by response ID for multiple response ID's separated by a comma. For email address, external reference variable, or custom variable 1-5; comma separated search for multiple search terms is not possible. Please use a specific search term. Can I view, edit, download individual responses? Yes. You can click on the response id to open the response in a popup. You can edit the response or view the spotlight report here. Following download and export options are available for the individual response. PDF: You can download the individual report in PDF format. Excel: Download the individual response in Excel. Email: You can email the individual report. Print: You can print the individual report. How can I update custom variables in bulk? You can update the External Reference variable along with custom variables 1 - 5 in bulk. Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics Select the Responses option from the drop down under dashboard. Select the responses you wish to update the variables for. Click on update variables. Enter the text with which you wish to update the variables. You can update the External Reference variable along with custom variables 1 to 5. Save the changes. Important notes about editing responses. If your survey has looping - there will be multiple responses generated for the same questions - you cannot use the response editor if your survey has complex looping logic or extraction. Rank order and constant sum validation: When editing responses directly, the system does not validate any of the validation options. Branching logic / skip logic: None of the branching logic or skip patterns are applied when editing responses directly. If you have branching/skip logic, please make sure that you do not enter in data that cannot be validated or is inconsistent with the branching logic that you have setup. Can I delete a single response or specific responses? Yes. Select the response or responses you wish to delete and click on the delete option that is displayed upon selection. Responses once deleted cannot be retrieved. Can I show or hide columns in the response viewer? Yes, you can choose which data is important to you and only view and download that particular data points using the Show/Hide Columns option. On the popup, you can select which data points you want to see. Questions mentioned below are not shown in response viewer, hence won't be displayed in edit mode: Conjoint Max-Diff Complex Grid/ Flex Matrix Heatmap HotSpot Custom Logic Engine Lookup Table Randomizer Store Locator Text Marker Presentation Text TubePulse Question mentioned below are shown in response viewer but are not editable, hence will not be displayed in edit mode: Attach/Upload File Signature Flex Matrix Reference Data Multi Tier Lookup Table License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data segmentation and filtering
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/data-segmentation.html
Summary: How to segment, filter and analyze the data collected from survey respondents.

Data segmentation and filtering analysis Data segmentation allows you to filter your survey responses by using data filter. You can filter data based on certain parameters such as survey status, date filter, question, custom variables, geo location, email list code, device type, and language. How can I create data filters? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Analysis » Data Filters. The following page will appear: Click on new data filter. A pop-up will appear where you can create and apply a filter. Enter a name for the new filter. Select options for the following parameters to filter out the data. Response status: All, completed, started but not completed, terminated or over-quota. Date filter: You can set a start date and end date to filter out the responses within the date range. Filter criteria: You can set "if condition" on question, system variable, geo location, email list code, device type, and language. For example, if you want to set filter criteria for female respondents only, then set if condition as follows: In the first drop-down, select "Question". In the second drop-down, select the question on which you want to apply filter criteria - "Gender". In the third drop-down, select the operator from the drop-down - "is". In the fourth drop-down, select the answer option - "female". Click on save filter. Your criteria will now be listed under current data filters and will be available anywhere that the option data set filter appears (Trend Analysis, TURF Analysis, etc.). The data filters will be displayed in the list as follows: The list of data filters can be viewed in detailed or compact view. You can select these options from the drop-down next to detailed view as shown in the above image. If you select compact view, then the question on which filter condition is applied will not be displayed. You can change the response status, add a time filter (date filter) to your data filters and go to the response viewer by clicking the count mentioned under responses (19). You can also perform a few more operations with the help of the following icons displayed in the red box: The first icon is to view the filtered report on the dashboard. The second icon is to view the text report. The third, fourth and fifth icons are for downloading reports in Excel, PPT and Doc formats respectively. The sixth icon is to delete the data filter. However, depending on your license level, there is a limitation on the total number of filters. License level Filters Essentials 1 Advanced 10 Team 15 Research 30 How can I add multiple filters to the same group? Click on +. Select the logical operator (and/or). Now again select another question, choose the operator and then choose the answer option. After adding the filters, click on save filter. System variable / Geo Location This data segment type allows you to choose custom variables or system variables to filter data. The variable names should match the names used in the survey or in the email list that you uploaded. If you want to use a custom variable assigned to slot 6 or higher, use the Extended Variables section, enter the variable number in the Index field, then the value assigned to that custom variable in the Value field. You can also use the geo location filter. Select city, state/county, or country code, then enter the value desired in geo location value. If you want to filter to a specific email list, choose the list from the drop-down provided. How can I share a report for the created data segment? To share a report for the created data segment, go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics. Click on the view more icon. Select the saved grouping in the filter data drop-down Select the data segment filter you saved. A permalink will be generated that you can use to share your data segment dashboard. Do I need to set up the filters before people start taking the survey? NO! You can create the data filters anytime during your data collection. It is independent of the data collection process. Can I use this data filter functionality in combination with advanced analysis tools like Trend and TURF Analysis? Yes! The Trend and TURF modules are integrated with the data filters. I have created the filter, but I don't see any count for the created segment. What have I done wrong? This might happen if the page is cached on your browser. Please refresh the Create Data Filters page after you have created the segments. Make sure that you set the correct operator for the filter (Equals/ Greater than/ Less than, etc.). All the matched responses are included in the segment. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Cross-tabulation
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/cross-tab-reports.html
Summary: Cross-tab reports

Cross-tab reports The QuestionPro cross-tabulation tool allows you to measure the interaction between two questions (variables). The table will only show respondents that answered both of the questions, meaning the frequencies shown may differ from a standard frequency table. The cross-tab report will also show Pearson’s Chi-Square Statistics, which shows the level of correlation between the variables using the chi-square, p-value, and degrees of freedom. Click to download video How do I access cross-tabulation? Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Select Cross-Tabulation from under the Analytics drop-down menu. Click on the cross-tabulation report to open the report or you can create a new report. You can share this report using the Report Link. You can also download this report in XLS or PDF formats. PDF report export is disabled if the cross-tab table width exceeds 1800 px in width. How do I select questions to analyze and apply filters? Click on the settings icon for your cross-tabulation report. Here, you can update your row and column options. Select the questions you wish to add as rows. Update your report. Similarly, you can also select the questions to display as columns. To apply filters, click on the Filters tab under the report settings. You can apply multiple filters along with the following options: Filter based on responses to questions Response status based filters Custom variable filters Pre-defined filters for your data What are the display and statistical analysis options available for the cross-tabulation report? The following display options are available: Count: Displays the count for the cross-tabulation report Row Percentage: Displays the row percentage for the cross-tabulation report Column Percentage: Displays the column percentage for the cross-tabulation report Column Percentage (Base N): Displays the column percentage (Base N) for the cross-tabulation report Overall: Displays the overall column for the cross-tabulation report Row Mean: Displays the row mean Column Mean: Displays the column mean The following analysis options are available with the Research license: Statistical analysis License Heatmap Rows Research Edition Heatmap Columns Research Edition Pearson's Chi Square Research Edition Column Proportion Test Research Edition Fisher's Exact Test Research Edition Cross-Tabulation: How to make actionable business decisions <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Export data
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/export-raw-data-excel.html
Summary: Export Data - Excel and CSV Downloads 

Export Data - Excel and CSV Downloads The QuestionPro platform provides you the ability to download your raw survey data directly to Microsoft Excel. You can then create charts and run detailed analysis, offline with the survey data. How can I download data into Excel? Go to: My Surveys(Select Survey) » Analytics Select the Export option from the Manage Data drop down menu. Select the output file format as Microsoft Excel or CSV What different options are available for downloading? Single Header Row:The default file has 2 header rows to display additional information associated with some question types. Enable this option to merge the row headers into one single row header. Open-Ended Text Data: When enabled Open-Ended Text Data is included in the file. This option is enabled by default. Raw Data: A separate Raw Data sheet is included in the Excel file. This option is enabled by default. Display Codes/Index: By default, answer code/index are not included in the reports. To download answer code / index, enable this option. Custom Scale Values/Answer Codes or Values: You will see these options only if you have enabled custom scaling for any of your questions. You can select this option to export data with custom scale values or codes. Answer Values: By default answer option text / values are not included in the reports. To download answer option text, enable this option. Question Codes instead of Text: Check this option if your question has large amount of text or includes Images/HTML. Instead of Question Text, Question Codes will be downloaded for easier understanding of the Reports. Unselected Checkboxes with '0': By default, selected checkboxes are represented by 1, unselected or hidden check boxes are blank. To identify options that were visible but not selected, switch on the toggle for represent unselected checkboxes with 0. Show questions not displayed: Include questions in the export that were not shown to the respondents. Report labels: Display report labels instead of the question text in the export file. Content url(Upload question data): Exclude the upload question data from the export file. Geo Code & Additional Info: Collect geo code data for the survey if required. You would need to toggle this filter on. Data Filter - Date: You can filter the report based on date, so data for only a particular time period is included. Data Filter - Response Status: You can download data based on the Response Status. Started But Not Completed: Users who have clicked on the "Continue" button but have not completed the survey so far. Completed: Users who have completed the survey. Terminates If you have branching logic for termination (screen outs) these responses are flagged as terminated. Excel file showing Raw Data and Individual Question Data CSV file showing Raw Data If responses are more than 5000, we split them into multiple sheets and export a zip file. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Print or export to PDF, DOC
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/print-survey.html
Summary: Print or download survey to MS Word Doc or PDF

Print or download survey as Word Doc or PDF How to print a survey or create a PDF or Doc of a survey? Go to: Login » My Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit. Click on tools located near the top right corner. Under tools drop-down, go to the download section. Here you can either print the survey or download a PDF or a MS Word Doc for your survey. Print/PDF/Doc will be generated as respondent sees it, as shown in the screenshot below: How do I generate a copy of a survey with settings, blocks, and logic information? Go to: Login » My Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit. Click on tools located near the top right corner. Under tools drop-down, select the review mode. Click to download Under the review mode, you can print or generate the PDF copy of your survey. This export will contain all survey flow settings and information like validation, blocks, logic, etc. How do I add question numbers to the printed format? To add question numbers to the printed format, please enable question numbering for the survey: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit » Design Enable the toggle switch for Question Numbers and save. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Response Based Quota Control
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/dynamic-quota-control.html
Summary: Control survey distribution and how many respondents you want for each option specified.

Response Based Quota Control With quota control, you can limit the responses received for answer options in your survey. For example, we are conducting a research study across different cities and want to limit the number of responses per city, we can do so by setting quota for responses per city. How to enable quota control? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit. For the question you wish to set quota on, click on Logic Select Quota Control from the logic dropdown menu Enter quota for options, select the quota overlimit action, and save. What are the logic options available once quota is met? For Quota Control, you can set the jump to condition to either go to the Quota Overlimit page or you can hide the option once the quota is full. Quota Overlimit: If respondents select an option where quota is met, they will be taken to the quota overlimit page and the response will be terminated. Quota Full - Hide Option: Once quota is met, respondents will not see the option as part of selection and can still select other options and continue with the survey. Where can I edit the message displayed on the quota overlimit page? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Finish Options Under Finish Options you can edit the message for the quota overlimit page. What is 'Minimum Quota'? Link Copied 'Minimum Quota' option is only available and applicable to Multi-select question type. When 'Minimum Quota' is enabled for a multi-select question, if the respondent selects more than one option but one of the options' quota is full and the other options they select would allow them to continue, the survey will not terminate and the user will be allowed to continue to the next question. For example, for the question given below, if the respondent only selects Visa when the quota is full the survey will terminate for over quota. If the respondent selects Visa and Mastercard and only the Visa quota is met, both the answers will be recorded in the data and the respondent will continue to next question. Watch this video for a live walkthrough of the setup. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Click to download video License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Restricting multiple responses using custom variables
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/custom-variable-abbs.html
Summary: ABBS based on Custom Variables

ABBS based on Custom Variables Anti Ballot Box Stuffing (ABBS) based on Custom Variables feature prevents a user from taking multiple responses to a survey. How to enable ABBS based on Custom Variables feature? To enable ABBS based on Custom Variables on a survey, follow the steps below: Go to Survey >> Edit >> Settings Select the second radio button under Multiple Responding Switch the "Use a custom variable to identify responses" toggle ON Select the custom variable from the dropdown on which you have to enable ABBS Click on Save Changes. Background Processing (for better understanding): ABBS is triggered when the survey is completed for the first time. If respondents start the survey but do not complete it, they can still access it by clicking the link they received via email. Just to reiterate, the link will be disabled once the respondent completes the survey. If they complete the survey and try to access the same link again, they will get an error message as displayed below: If the respondent answered the survey with the help of custom variable attached survey link in a browser window and then tries to access the same link again with the same or different custom variable data, without closing the previous browser window, they will get the same error message as above. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data pre-population
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/data-pre-population.html
Summary:  Data pre-population or dynamic replacement options

Data pre-population or dynamic replacement options The Dynamic Replacement option allows you to replace arbitrary text within the questions/answers with dynamic data. You can use the variables/data stored in the Custom Variables or the External Reference Variable for Data Replacement/Pre-population. How to replace text within the Questions/Answer options? What are the variables and codes available? You can use the following variable tags. You can use the tags anywhere on the survey or emails and the data will be populated. ${email} Will be replaced with the respondents email address. Respondent tracking link required for this functionality. ${custom1} Will be replaced with the data stored in the Custom Variable 1 ${custom2} Will be replaced with the data stored in the Custom Variable 2 ${custom3} Will be replaced with the data stored in the Custom Variable 3 ${custom4} Will be replaced with the data stored in the Custom Variable 4 ${custom5} Will be replaced with the data stored in the Custom Variable 5 ... ... ... And so on till Custom Variable 255 ${custom255} Will be replaced with the data stored in the Custom Variable 255 If you have renamed the custom variables, use the format $ {code entered for variable} to refer to the variable. Remember to use the Code, and NOT the Display Name when calling out the custom variable in question or answer text. How to pre-populate Open Ended Text type questions? Step 1: Save a value into a custom variable via email list or within the survey. Step 2: Add an open ended text box and go to Settings » Data Pre population Step 3: Select a variable from the drop down. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Multilingual surveys reporting
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multilingual-surveys-reporting.html
Summary: Survey Analytics multilingual surveys and reporting. Generate reports from survey results in many different languages.

Reporting for Multilingual Surveys How can I check reports for multilingual surveys? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Dashboard For multilingual surveys, you can select the Display Text for the dashboard report. To view data only for a particular language, you can filter data by that language. Can I create data filters based on language? Yes. Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Under Analysis, select Data Filters Here, create a new data filter. Select the required language in the data filter and save. A language-based data filter will be created. Now you can view or download the language-specific report under Detailed view. Can I export raw data of multilingual surveys? Yes. You can export raw data of multilingual surveys in MS Excel and CSV formats. To export raw data: Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Manage Data Select Export from the Manage Data drop-down. Under the raw data export section, select the format (MS Excel or CSV) in which you want to download raw data. In the language data filter drop-down, select one of the languages listed in drop-down or you can select "All". Select the display language. The raw data will be downloaded in the language selected under display language. Click on download. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Anti Ballot Box Stuffing (ABBS) - disable multiple responses
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/ballot-box-stuffing.html
Summary: Anti Ballot Box Stuffing - disable multiple responses

Anti Ballot Box Stuffing - disable multiple responses Anti Ballot Box Stuffing feature prevents the respondent from completing the survey multiple times. How to enable the Anti Ballot Box Stuffing feature? To enable the Anti Ballot Box Stuffing, go to: Login » My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Settings » Multiple Responding You can customize the message displayed for respondents trying to take the survey again. Background system processing (For better understanding): As soon as the respondent starts the survey, a unique response ID is generated and assigned. Once they click on ‘Submit’, cookies are saved on the browser. This prevents the respondent from taking the survey multiple times. ABBS is triggered when the survey is completed for the first time. If the respondent starts the survey, however, does not complete it, they can still access the survey by clicking on the link that they have received via email. Just to reiterate, the link will be disabled once the respondent completes the survey. If they complete the survey and again try to access the same link, they will get an error message. Error message is displayed below: Additional Information with scenarios: Scenario 1: An email invite is sent to the respondent with the tracking link and ABBS feature enabled: After completing the survey, if they try to clear the browser cookies or try taking the survey on another browser, they will still get the same error message stating that they have already taken the survey as it was a tracking link and email-specific. Scenario 2: An email invite is sent to the respondent with an anonymous link and ABBS feature enabled: After completing the survey, if they try to clear the browser cookies or try taking the survey on another browser, they will be able to take the survey again as the link was anonymous and not email-specific. Scenario 3: An email invite is sent to the respondent with ABBS and Save and Continue feature enabled: If the survey is lengthy and the respondent does not want to complete it at one go, they can click on 'Save and Continue Later', wherein they’ll be asked for their email address and they’ll get a new survey link to continue from where they had left off. Now, the question arises: whether ABBS would work in this situation or not? Yes, it would still work. If the respondent clicks any of the two links (original email invite / save and continue link) that they have now, they can continue from where they had left off. However, once the survey is completed, they won’t be able to take the survey again. Example Use Cases of ABBS: Rewards set for your survey and you want one respondent to take the survey only once. A quiz survey where scores are assigned, wherein you want the respondent to give the test only once. Voting within your company where you need legit results. Note: Enable the ABBS feature at the end after testing or you will also be able to take the survey only once. I have a multilingual survey, will the ABBS message appear in the respective language in which the respondent attempts to take the survey? Yes, the ABBS message will appear in the respective language in which the respondent attempts to take the survey again if he/she has already completed it. For example, if the respondent tries to take the survey again and they have already completed it in French using the link in the email invitation which he received, he will see the following message. Note: The above ABBS messages appear when respondents try to take the survey again using the tracked link which they receive in the invitation. The following message will appear if the respondent again tries to take the survey if already completed using the anonymous link. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Spotlight report
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/spotlight-report.html
Summary: Spotlight report

Spotlight report Spotlight report allows you to share the results of your survey in a very unique way with all the users who took your survey. The spotlight report allows your respondents to visually see how their responses compared to the overall survey responses. Fundamentally the idea is very simple. When users take a survey, after they complete the survey, they are directed to a page that shows the summary of all the other responses overlaid with their own response in the form of pie chart. How does it work? The spotlight report is essentially the same overall report (Real-Time Summary Report) except that for every respondent, a “your choice” pointer is shown for that answer option which was selected by the respondent. This can be shared via Facebook or Twitter. How do I enable spotlight reporting on my account? You can enable the Spotlight Reports by going to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Finish Options From the finish option drop-down, select Spotlight Report. How do the respondents view spotlight report? The respondents can view the spotlight report at the end of the survey after they click on the done button. For example, you have shared a survey on cosmetics usage and the respondents start taking the survey. Once the respondents have answered all the questions and clicked on done, the survey will take them to the spotlight report. The respondents can also download the spotlight report in PDF format. There is an option - export PDF as shown in the above image. When the respondent clicks on it, the report will be downloaded. How do admins view spotlight reports? The admins can view spotlight reports for individual responses via response viewer. Go to:Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Analytics » Dashboard Click on the dashboard drop-down and select Responses. Under Response Viewer, click on Response ID. A pop-up will appear with three tabs - individual report, edit response and spotlight report. Click on spotlight report tab. On my Spotlight Report there is a trademark notice for QuestionPro, can I take that out? QuestionPro owns and asserts the trademark rights on the Spotlight Report, so we are unable to remove the trademark. How does the option Compare Results Against under Spotlight Report work? Compare Results Against gives the option to set a filter for Spotlight report. Once a data filter is created here, the respondents who fall under this would be able to see the spotlight falling under that particular criteria. For example, there is a question in the survey What is your gender?'. Apply filter on the spotlight for the answer option male. Now, if a respondent selects male, he would be shown the spotlight compared to all the respondents who selected male. What are the steps to apply filter under spotlight report in finish options? To apply filter under spotlight report in finish options, go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Finish Options Click on the drop-down options next to Compare Results Against and click on + Create New This will open a new window, Define Spotlight Criteria Here, you may set filter on the basis of either Responses to survey questions or System variable / Geo Location License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Print survey response
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/print-survey-responses.html
Summary: Print survey responses

Print survey responses To enable the option to print survey responses: Go to: Login » Surveys » Edit » Finish Options From the Finish Options drop-down, select the Review/Print option. Click Save Changes. Once the respondents complete the survey, they will be able to print or export a PDF of their response. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Respondent Location Data
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/respondent-location-data.html
Summary: Respondent Location Data

Respondent Location Data Respondent Location Data When a respondent answers the survey, we capture respondents IP address and associated data including location data based on the IP address. This data is stored in Longitude and Latitude format and can be used to locate approximate location on a map. On the individual response, it is also displayed on a map: How to disable location tracking? You can disable location tracking for a particular survey, or for your account, or for the entire organization. To disable location tracking for a particular survey: Go to: Login » My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Settings Here, disable the Capture Location Data setting and save. To disable location tracking for your account: Go to: Login » My Account » Global Settings Here, disable the Capture Location Data setting. I have responses collected with location data. Can I remove the location data? No. By default, location data capture is enabled. So responses collected with this setting enabled will have location data saved along with the responses. As soon as you disable location data capture, all new responses will be saved without the location data. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Review, Edit and Print Responses
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/review-print-edit-responses.html
Summary: Review, Edit, and Print Responses

Review, Edit, and Print Responses Once respondents are done answering your survey, you may want them to review their answers or print their response for record keeping. Review/Print option allows you to display the response that your respondents are submitting. In certain cases, you may also want to allow your respondents to edit their response in case they change their mind or want to make corrections, In such cases, enabling the edit response option will allow respondents to review and edit their response before final submit. How to enable the Review/Print finish option? To enable the Review/Print mode: Go to: Login » My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Finish Options By default, the finish option is set to: Thank You Page From this drop down, select the Review/Print option and save changes. When this option is enabled, when respondents complete the survey, they will be able to review and print or download a PDF of their response. How to allow respondents to edit their response before final submit? Edit Response option is available only with our Research License You can allow respondents to edit their response when reviewing before the final submit. To do so, enable the toggle for Edit Response under finish options for Review/Print mode. Once you enable the Edit Response option, respondents will be able to edit their response before the final submit. Hovering on any question will display the Edit option and respondents can edit their response by clicking on it. I am not able to see all questions under the Review/Print mode If a respondent skips questions while answering or if there is logic to skip/hide questions, these questions will not be displayed under the review mode. Also, following question types are not displayed under review mode even if they are answered on the survey: Page Timer Custom Logic Engine Conjoint Max-Diff QR Code Tubepulse Hotspot HeatMap Store Locator NPS+ CSAT all types Are all question types supported for edit response? No. Edit option is available for all basic question types. However, following question types cannot be edited and the edit option will not be available on these questions. Attach/Upload File Signature Flex Matrix Text Highlighter Reference Data Multi Tier Lookup Table (Drop down) Multi Tier Lookup Table (Keyword search) Static Questions Captcha License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Response Quota
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/quota-control.html
Summary: Response Quota

Response Quota QuestionPro allows you to limit the number of responses for your survey. If you need to collect only a limited number of responses for your research, you can set response quota on the survey level. How can I limit the total completed responses for my survey? To limit the total responses for a survey, Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Settings Enable the toggle switch for Response Quota Enter the number of completed responses you want to capture. If you wish, you can also set a Close Date for the survey. Enter the Closed Message you would like to display once the survey is closed. Click on Save Changes. Once you receive the set number of completed responses, no further responses will be accepted. An inactive survey message will be displayed on the survey once the set quota is reached. Note: If you have “Branching” and “Termination” enabled in your survey, the count represents the total number of users who have completed the survey without getting terminated, in other words, those who have gone through the last question of the survey. Can I disable or remove response quota? Yes. You can disable response quota control completely by switching off the toggle for response quota. Once disabled, respondents can answer the survey and submit complete responses. To learn how to set quota based on answers to a question in your survey, Click Here To learn how to set quota based on answers to multiple questions or custom variables in your survey, Click Here License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Export batch
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/export-batch.html
Summary: Export batch for external distribution

Export batch for external distribution If for some reason you do not want to distribute the survey using QuestionPro email management feature, but still want to track the email addresses, then you can upload the email addresses and export a batch for external distribution. Why do I need an export batch for external distribution? Sometimes, surveys sent through our email management feature get categorized as SPAM/Junk or if the respondents are on a network behind a firewall, the surveys bounce. To avoid this, you can export a batch for external distribution and send the survey links using Outlook or using your own email client, thereby increasing the participation rate and the response rate. Please do not use this option for integrating with a third-party respondents panel provider. For information on integrating with third party respondents panel, please see help link below. How can I export a batch for external distribution? Login » Surveys » Distribute » Email . Go to the Lists tab. Click on the email list. Create a new email list for the survey, or you can use a list that has already been uploaded. Now use the export batch option for the required email list. This option is found in the global options drop-down. A CSV file will be generated with unique links. You can also download this file from the download history. Only survey owners can use this option. Sub-account holders with edit access to surveys cannot download a file for external distribution. Please contact the main survey owner/holder to download an export batch. How can I distribute the survey? Open the downloaded CSV file. The file will contain unique individual links for the survey for each email address. You can use these individual links to send the survey to the respondents using any third party email software (Outlook, Eudora, etc). You can keep track of responses from your account and the email addresses for the respondent will be saved with the survey response. You will be able to send reminders from the system as well. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Adding responses manually
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/manually-adding-responses.html
Summary: Manually adding responses | Paper Surveys | Phone Surveys - How to?

Manually adding responses | Paper Surveys | Phone Surveys Our platform is mainly designed to conduct online surveys; however, it is possible to transfer responses collected through paper surveys or phone calls. Here, you will learn how to do it. Can I use the survey software to collect data via phone or paper surveys? Yes, you may collect the data over the phone or on paper and later take the survey multiple times on behalf of the end user. The most effective way to add responses (for example from a paper surveys/phone Surveys) to the system would be: Go to: Login » Surveys » Edit Click on the Preview button. Now take the survey (i.e. answer the questions set in the survey). To conduct surveys by phone, you may be interested in our IVR Integration. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Synchronize app data
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/synchronize-mobile-app-data.html
Summary: Synchronizing data with the mobile app

Synchronizing data with the mobile app Synchronization is a process that allows you to upload the responses from the QuestionPro Offline App to your QuestionPro account. It will also update any changes made to the survey on the QuestionPro account to the offline app. How to sync your QuestionPro Offline App? Open the QuestionPro Offline App on your tablet or mobile device. Enter device key and password. Tap the sync button, present at the bottom right corner. On this popup you will see a list of all the responses present on the app. Tap the button to sync the responses. How can I synchronize only the complete responses? To synchronize only completed responses, turn off the toggle present on the sync screen. By default the toggle remains on to upload both complete and incomplete responses. How can I answer a survey when sync is in progress? Start the sync process. Tap on the arrow-down icon present on the top right corner of the sync screen. Sync progress can be monitored on the home screen of the app. When using sync in background, new changes made to the survey will not reflect on the app. New survey responses taken while a sync is already in the background will not get uploaded. New sync process has to be triggered for them You cannot change your app settings when the sync process is in the background. How is it different from Online Connect? Online Connect only uploads responses in the background as soon as the survey is finished and will not update any new changes made on the survey on QuestionPro account to the offline app. What happens when sync fails? One error flash message will be displayed on the sync screen. On going back to the home screen, an alert will be displayed to ask the user to upload all the responses via email. It will delete all the responses from the app on the successful upload. If it still doesn't work well. Kindly export data for manual upload as per steps mentioned below: Tap on the Menu icon present on the top left corner of the home screen of the app or swipe right from the left end of the screen on the home page. Settings » Export » Manual Export. Responses are deleted from the device but are not present on the QuestionPro account. Retrieve back-up data from the device: iOS device: Connect your iOS device to iTunes. Select your device >> Files >> QuestionPro Android device: FileManager >> QuestionPro Send the QuestionPro folder to the support executive and describe the issue you got. Backup is stored only for 90 days from the date of the response taken. Error: Device key already in use on the other device. Multi-usage of the device key is disabled. Go to your QuestionPro account. Under Mobile Tabs either select an inactive device key or mark the device key in use as inactive on all the other devices to use it on your current device. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Dashboard - Report
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/dashboard-report.html
Summary: Survey dashboard report

Survey Dashboard Where can I see the dashboard report? We provide a real-time dashboard for your survey. As soon as you start collecting responses, real-time data with analysis is available on the survey dashboard. To access your survey dashboard. Go to: Login » Select Survey » Analytics What customization options are available? You can click on the gear icon to access the report Settings. The following settings are available for the dashboard: Filters: By default, the survey status filter is set to all responses. You can add additional filters and the dashboard will be updated in real-time. You can also save frequently used filters to access them directly when needed. Display: By default, all questions are shown in the report. You can show or hide and reorder the questions. Settings: Here you can enable or disable settings for the dashboard, like turning off question numbering or changing the response identifier from the response ID to the respondent's email address or a custom variable. Design: Here you can customize the theme of the dashboard. Title and Logo: You can update the title for the report as well as add a description and also add a logo for the dashboard. Share Settings: Click on the share icon to open share settings for the dashboard. Depending on your license level, there is a limit to the number of dashboards that you can create: License Level File Limit Essentials Single dashboard Advanced Single dashboard Team Edition 3 dashboards Research Edition 10 dashboards University Research 10 dashboards License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Overall participant statistics
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/participant-statistics-and-response-rates.html
Summary: Survey reporting and response rates explained. View and analyze overall survey participation by each source.

Overall Participant Statistics Where can I find the participant statistics for my survey? You can view the overall participant statistics for your survey under: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Dashboard » Participant Statistics. Click on the Participation Statistics menu in the drop down to see the Overall Participant Statistics data for the survey. Data is captured on every click of the continue/submit button for the survey. It is important to understand what the different numbers mean in order to conduct a complete analysis of your survey results. What are the different statistics? Veiwed: This is the total number of users who click on the link for the survey. Every time your survey is requested, the view count is incremented and updated. The respondent does not necessarily have to start the survey. It also includes the started and completed count. Total: This is the total number of responses to the survey. It includes the completed and started responses Completed: The completed count is all respondents that have gone through the whole survey and completed it, that is, clicked on the Finish button on the last page of the survey. Completion Rate: This is equal to Completed Survey Responses divided by the number of Started Survey Responses. Drop Outs: This is the number of respondents who start the survey but do not complete the Survey. Terminated via Branching: If you have set up the branching in your questions to terminate the survey for a criteria then the number of terminated respondents will be displayed in this column. Please note that this column will only be displayed if you have set up branching to termination. Timed out: This is the count of respondents whose surveys were closed because they exceeded the time limit set by the survey timer. Quality Terminates: This is the count of respondents by enabling the data quality termination for response based logic to terminate respondents based on their responses to red herring questions. Validation Errors: This is the number of times someone has encountered a validation error during the survey. NOTE: The Survey Statistics are updated even when you are testing the Survey. Please make sure to delete the test survey data and to reset the statistics before making the Survey live. Why is the Response counted as Complete even though Respondents have not answered all the questions? By default respondents can skip questions and proceed with the Survey and Complete it without answering questions. The Survey is considered complete when the Respondents click on the Finish/Submit button on the last page of the Survey. To avoid blank survey responses you can validate the Questions and make them required. Click here to know more about forcing a response. Why is the statistical data under the Reports tab different from the data under the Send tab? Under the Reports tab, all statistics are captured including test data, repeat surveys, surveys accessed via URL, etc. However, under the Send Survey tab the statistics are captured only for the Survey invitations that were delivered for the email lists. Why does the total in my data analysis not match up with the total completed surveys? The data analysis represents all users who have chosen to answer a question. In some cases users do not answer all the questions. In such cases, the total count of users completing the surveys will be different than the data analysis. For surveys that do not have page breaks or Branching the started count should be equal to the completed count. If the started count is more than the completed count, that number represents the "drop outs" after starting the survey. How is the participation rate calculated? The participation is a relative percentage based on the total number of users who have taken any survey compared to your current panel size. Why does the total responses for a question in my Frequency Analysis Report not match up? The total responses to any question should be less than or equal to the Started count, but may not be equal to the completed count. If the respondents chose not to answer that question then the count will always be less than the Started count. If you have required answers to questions on your survey, and the total does not add up to the “started” or “completed” count, these are dropouts where users have chosen not to answer the question after starting the survey. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Pivot table
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/baner-table.html
Summary: Pivot Tables - Advanced Options

Pivot Tables - Advanced Options Advanced Options under Pivot Tables: The Advanced Options allow you to customize the output and layout of the generated Pivot Tables. Secondary Pivot The Secondary Pivot allows you to Pivot on more than one question. For example, if you wanted to produce a Pivot Table that pivots on Gender AND Race, you can choose Gender as the primary Pivot and Race as the secondary pivot. The secondary pivot is optional. Nested Pivot The Nested Pivot allows you to Pivot on more than one question combined. For example, if you wanted to produce a Pivot Table that pivots on Gender combined with Race, you can choose Gender as the primary Pivot and Race as the nested pivot. Data Table The values produced in the Data Table can either be absolute frequency numbers i.e., the actual number of users who chose a particular option, or be a relative percentage. Display Options The Pivot Tables can be generated with or without associated charts. Generating Pivot Tables without charts is generally faster and the resulting file is also smaller. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Trend analysis
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/trend-analysis.html
Summary: Create a trend analysis within your online survey

Create Trend Analysis Trend analysis gives you the ability to take a look at data over time for a long-running survey. This can be useful for comparing quiz or test scores (see increase in knowledge over the course if you administer the same survey multiple times over a matter of a few weeks or months), or identifying trends for a satisfaction survey that is distributed regularly. How can I set up a trend analysis? Login >> Surveys >> Analytics Click on Trend Analysis from the Analysis dropdown Select the Data Set Filter. If you have set up report data filters already, they will be available in this drop-down. Select the Filter Result, which is the type of filter to apply to the results (completed, started but not completed, terminated via branching). Completed: anyone who completed the entire survey is included in this set. Started but Not Completed: anyone who started but did not actually complete the survey is included in this set. Terminated via Branching: anyone who was terminated due to branching (where the option “Terminate Survey” was selected) is included in this set. Include the Start Date and End Date for the time span you want to trend. Select the Frequency you want the trend calculated (weekly, monthly, quarterly, or annual). Select the Output/Report Data type desired. Click Download Trend Report. A report will be generated and delivered to the email address associated with your account. The report will look something like the image below, with each column showing the data over the time period requested as Frequency, for as many columns as it requires to fulfill the time period being reported. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey comparison
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/comparision-report.html
Summary: Comparison Report

Comparison Report The Comparison Report let you set the comparison among the questions present in two different surveys. How to set Comparison Report Go To: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Analysis » Survey Comparison 1. Now click on the New Data Comparison Report button. 2. Enter the name in the Comparison Report textbox. 3. Set the survey in the list Compare survey with. 4. Now select the question that you want to compare from the question list displayed in the “Questions from Active Survey” section. 5. Once you set the question in the step 4 you will get the “Questions from Selected Survey" section listing the matching questions from the survey set in step 3. 6. Now select the question from the list displayed under “Question from Selected Survey” and click on Save Comparison Report button. This is how the Comparison Report will look like Currently the comparison report can be set for the same question types having same number of answer options.. What are the different question types supported for comparison report? Customize report support following question type: Multiple Choice(Select One) Multiple Choice(Select Many) Drop down Menu Image chooser(Select Multiple) Image chooser(Select One) Image Rating(Rate One or More Images) Maps Star Rating Scale(Graphical) Smiley-Yes/No Smiley Rating Multi-point Scales Matrix-Multi Select Side-By-Side Matrix License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Dashboard filter
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/dashboard.html
Summary: Dashboard Filter

Dashboard Filter A Dashboard is a visual display of responses to your survey. Dashboard gives you the statistics of your survey like Viewed, Started, Completed and Drop Outs counts. Where can I view the dashboard? Go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Dashboard How to filter data in the Dashboard? To filter data in the Dashboard, go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Dashboard Click on the gear icon to open the settings, select Filters . Click on Response Status to filter based on survey response status, or click on Add Criteria to see additional filter options. How to save a filter? To save a filter, enter a criteria name and click on the save icon. Is there a limit to number of filters? Yes, there are limits to adding filters based on the selected filter option. Question: You can add up to 5 filters for a question. System Variable: You can add up to 6 filters for custom variables. Geo Location: You can apply filter for City, State / Region or Country Code. Email List: You may apply 1 filter for the Email list. Device Type: You may apply a filter for All the devices, Tablet/Smartphone or Desktop/Laptop. Date: You may apply 1 filter for the date Survey Status: Apply the filter on the basis of survey status for All, Started, Completed or Terminated. However, depending on your license level there is a limitation on the total number of filters. Saved Groupings: Apply this filter if any data segmentation is created. It will also generate a Permalink. License Level Filter Limit Advanced 10 Team Edition 15 Research Edition 30 Every survey result can be classified into three different categories: Started But Not Completed - Users who have clicked on the "Continue" button but have not completed the survey so far. Completed - Users who have completed the survey Terminated - If you have branching logic for termination (screen outs), these responses are flagged as terminated. Can I combine more than one filters? Yes, you may combine more than one filter. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Download Options - Dashboard
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/dashboard-download-options.html
Summary: Dashboard - Download Options

Dashboard - Download Options Similar to the Export functionality provided under the Manage Data section, QuestionPro provides the option to export the reports from the Dashboard section as well. The reports that can be downloaded from the Dashboard section are as follows: Raw Data Excel Raw Data (.xlsx) CSV Report (.csv) Reports with Charts Microsoft Word Excel with Charts PowerPoint PDF Statistical Package SPSS Note: The PDF report will only download if the number of open-ended text responses are less than 500. Can I download the Excel or SPSS report with Display Answer values from the Dashboard section? No, by default the reports get downloaded with answer codes when you download from the Dashboard section. Can I download the filtered data? Yes, you can certainly download the filtered data. You can save the filter and pull that up from saved groupings and then try to download the filtered report. If you have already saved the filter with a certain name then click on the drop-down option for the filter, and click on 'Use Existing'. Select the data filter from the next drop-down. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Cross-Tabulation Grouping Answer Options
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/cross-tabulation-grouping.html
Summary: Cross-Tabulation Grouping Options

Cross-Tabulation - Grouping What is cross-tabulation grouping? When running cross-tabulation analysis, if you have answer options which need to be analyzed as a group, you can do so using the cross-tabulation grouping tool. You can also hide options or groups that you wish to exclude from cross-tab analysis. Click to download video How can I group answer options when analyzing data using cross-tabulation? Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Click on Cross-Tabulation under the analysis menu. Select the report for which you wish to set up grouping. Hover on the question for which you wish to group options On hover, you will see the grouping icon, click on this icon. On the popup, you can create groups by dragging the options for each group. You can also choose to show/hide certain options or groups. In this example, we will hide respondents who are under 18. In this example, we will group data for the age groups as Adults under 45 and 45 and over Report will refresh and you can see the grouped data Can I show/hide certain options or groups? Yes. When creating groups, you can choose to hide options that you want to exclude from analysis. You can also hide groups and all options under the group will be removed from analysis. Hidden options or groups will be excluded from cross-tab analysis. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data Quality
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/data-quality.html
Summary: Data Quality

Data Quality What is Data Quality? Data quality is an assessment of data's fitness to serve its purpose. Using our data quality tool, the user can check fitness of open-ended text questions. We will flag the responses with one word answers for open-ended text questions in our one word answers module. We will screen the responses to check if there are any duplicate text answers in the survey in our duplicate texts across responses module of the data quality. How do I enable Data Quality for a survey? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Manage Data Under Manage Data, select Data Quality option. Switch on the toggles for the data quality flags you would like to enable. Responses collected after enabling these modules will be screened for the quality check. Which data quality checks are available? Following data quality checks are currently available: Duplicate IP Addresses: After the first response from any IP address, all other responses will be flagged if the IP address already exists for any other response in the survey. Speed Traps: You can set a time range and any responses which have time taken less than the time set will be flagged. Duplicate Text Responses: If the same text is entered across multiple text input questions, responses will be flagged. Gibberish Words: Responses with gibberish words will be flagged. This check is available only on multiple row text input type questions. Responses can also be terminated. One Word Answers: Response will be flagged if respondent has provided one word answers which are 3 characters or less like yes, no, ok, etc. This check will be done only for multiple row text or comment type questions. Response can also be terminated. All Checkboxes Selected: Responses will be flagged if respondents are selecting all checkboxes for multiple choice multi-select questions. Response can also be terminated. Patterned Responses: Response will be flagged if a straight line or zig zag pattern is identified. Responses can also be terminated. Plagiarism Detection: Response will be flagged if responded by bots like ChatGPT or similar bots. We identify if the responses are submitted by bots or copy pasted when submitting. Flagged responses can be terminated. Quality Terminates: Enables data quality termination for response based logic to terminate respondents based on their responses to red herring questions. Can I enable or disable data quality checks for specific questions? Yes. Click on the view supported questions icon On the popup, by default, all questions are selected for data quality checks. You can select/deselect the questions as you like. Where can I view the responses with poor quality data? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Responses Under Responses, click on Response ID with Flag Icon Data Quality tab will provide the details of the question, answer and reason for flagging. It will also provide the Data Quality Score. This score has an inverse relationship with quality of the data. A response can have a maximum score of 100. Higher score implies poor quality and vice versa. Can I create filters with data quality? Yes. You may want to look at clean data and exclude all responses that are flagged for data quality. To do so, go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Click on the Settings icon for the dashboard. Under Data Quality select Unflagged Responses to look at clean data To create a filter for flagged responses, select Flagged Responses under Data Quality Under Filter Criteria, you can select Data Quality Flag and select specific flags. You can save this filter Can I export data with data quality flags? Yes. When any of the data quality flags are enabled, you will find the toggle to export data quality flags. Simply switch on the toggle and export the data. Data quality flags will be represented with the following character codes: Duplicate IP Across Responses - IP Gibberish Words - GW Duplicate Text Across Responses - DT One Word Answers - OW All Checkboxes Selected - AC Patterned Responses - PR Speed Traps - ST Quality Terminates - QT How do I unflag a response which is flagged by data quality module? To unflag a response Go to: Responses » Click on Response ID » Click on Unflag Response button Can I flag a response which I unflagged earlier? To flag a response again Go to: Responses » Click on Response ID » Click on Flag Response button Will data quality work if I enable it after collecting the data? No, data quality has to be enabled before data collection. Data quality in surveys <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data Quality Terminates
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/data-quality-terminates.html
Summary: Terminate Responses for Data Quality

Terminate Response for Data Quality Flags When conducting research, it is imperative to remove or disqualify bad data. With QuestionPro you can switch on data quality flags and terminate a response based on a single or multiple flag triggers and avoid bad data quality and improve your research outcomes. How to enable data quality flags? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Manage Data Under Manage Data, select Data Quality option. Switch on the toggles for the data quality flags you would like to enable. Responses collected after enabling these modules will be screened for the quality check. How can I terminate responses? Once you have enabled the data quality flags, you can terminate on any logic that you would like. Let's take for example, we want to terminate a response if any 2 flags are triggered. Terminate response logic is set to none by default. Here, select the If At Least Select the number of flags as 2 and Save Changes As soon as the criteria is met, response will be terminated for data quality. You can also add additional logical statements to add checks for specific flags with AND/OR logic support. Where can I edit the message seen by respondents if they get terminated? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Finish Options Under Finish Options, you can edit the message for Data Quality Terminated Respondent Message License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Response Identifier
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/response-identifier.html
Summary: Do you want to identify the survey respondents who took your survey? Learn how to use the response identifier, map custom variables, and change response identifier from response ID.

Response identifier A response identifier is used in reports to identify respondents who have taken your survey. By default, a respondent is identified (mapped) with response ID. QuestionPro allows you to change the response identifier from response ID to any other option. For example, email address or any of the 255 custom variables. Benefits of the response identifier You can click on the email address of the respondent to view the entire response associated with that email ID or of that respondent. Having an email address or a personal response ID associated with each survey response helps you distinguish between similar responses. Communication is made easy when you have personal details mapped with the survey responses, especially for organizations conducting internal surveys. Together with ‘Data Audit Tool’, you can use the response identifier to enhance the quality of data you intend to collect through surveys. You can use personalized survey response IDs to analyze the survey results based on demographics, gender, or other custom variables you might have set to in the survey design. How do I change the response identifier? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics On the Dashboard, click on Report Settings. Go to Settings, and here you can select the response identifier. By default, the response identifier is set as response ID. You can select the following as response identifier: Response ID: Response ID is the default response identifier. Response ID will be used if any other identifier is selected but not available. None: Set the response identifier as none if you don't want to display any response identifier. Email Address: If you are using tracking links for survey distribution, select the email address as the identifier. Custom Variables: If you are using custom variables, you can set these as response identifiers. In this example, we will set the response identifier as the email address. Instead of the response ID, the respondent's email address will be displayed beside their response, making it easy to read and understand. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Weighting and balancing
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/weighting-and-balancing-data.html
Summary: Weighting - Eliminating Sample Bias

Weighting - Eliminating Sample Bias Weighting In its simplest form, weighting and balancing allows you to adjust the data to account for sample bias. Sample bias occurs when your survey data (from your sample) does not accurately represent your target audience. Let's say, for example, you are in the business of selling men's clothing. You also know that males form 80% of your customer base and purchasing decisions. If you field a survey and your survey response has 50% male respondents and 50% female respondents — you have sample bias. The data is leaning towards females, who constitute 50% of the survey data, but only constitute 20% of your customer base. Once you've determined that you need to adjust for the sample bias, you need to weight the responses and adjust the responses so this sample bias is eliminated. Weighting and Balancing allow you to accomplish this. How to set up weighting? To set up weighting: Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) >> Analytics Select the Weighting option from the Manage Data drop-down. Under Weighting and Balancing, click on the Add Question button to select a question to apply weights to. Apply proportions and save. What are the different ways of balancing weights? You can choose from: Balanced Proportions: Default option to balance using percentage. Balanced Weight: You can balance using absolute weights. How do I balance weights while combining multiple questions or variables? Click on Add New Variable and select the question you wish to add as a variable. Update weights and save. Questions balanced using variables or additional questions are not available on the dashboard for weighting. How can I import weights? To import weights, click on the ellipsis icon on the right and select Import Weights from the options. Download the template from the popup, provide weights and upload it back to the system. How can I view the entire dataset adjusted for the weight? Download the Excel report and view the data adjusted for weights. The system produces an Excel spreadsheet with the original data and the weighted data. This allows you to visually see the adjustments that have been made to eliminate the sample bias. How can I apply weights to the dashboards? Once you have set up weighting, go to Analytics. Click on the settings icon for the Dashboard. Under Settings, switch on the Weighting & Balancing toggle and select the question to use for weighting. Only single questions with weights are available for selection on the dashboard. If you have added variables, the question will not be available for applying weights on the dashboard. Weighting will be applied to the dashboard and you can see the weighting icon as active in blue. You can click to disable it for particular questions. What question types can I use to create the weights - for weighting and balancing? For Weighting and Balancing you need to use a Multiple Choice Single Select (Radio Button) question type. Multiple Select (Check Box) type questions or Matrix Questions cannot be used for Weighting and Balancing. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Market segmentation simulator
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/market-segmentation-simulator.html
Summary: Market Segmentation Simulator

Market Segmentation Simulator The Conjoint Simulator is by far the most interesting aspect of Conjoint Analysis. This gives you the ability to predict the market share of new products and concepts that may not exist today. This also gives you the ability to measure the "gain" or "loss" in market share based on changes to existing products in the given market. The first step in Conjoint Simulation is identifying and describing the different products or concepts that you want to investigate. We call these "Profiles". As mentioned earlier, any product or concept can be identified or created using the Attributes and Levels that have been defined for the study. For the Conjoint Simulator, a product or concept comprises all the Attributes and one level from each of the attributes. For example, one of the profiles could be: Brand - Sony, Price - $899, Size - 42" In most cases, we would want to identify all the existing products that are available in that market segment and simulate the market share of the products to establish a baseline. Once this is established, it would be a good starting point for trying out new services and ideas and see how the market share shifts based on new products and configurations. To view detailed Market Share Simulation: Go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Conjoint Analysis from Analysis dropdown » Market Share Simulation Add profile as shown below and click on Run Simulation button. This provides a report with Vote Count and Market Share of respective concepts. Calculations for Vote Count Download the Excel Report. The Excel file downloaded will provide the following information. Since in the example, we added 4 concepts we have part-worth values for 4 concepts. Here the Utility value is derived from the following formula: Utility Value = Σlog(e (W * Selected Configuration) / e (W * All Configurations)) Where W is a one-dimensional part-worth array. If we have A attributes, a = 1 to A, with each attribute having La levels, l = 1 to La, then the part-worth for a particular attribute/level is w’(a,l). It is this (jagged array) of part-worths we are solving for in this exercise. We can simplify this to a one-dimensional array w(s), where the elements are:{w’(1,1), w’(1,2) ... w’(1,L1), w’(2,1) ... w’(A,LA)} with w having S elements. Selected Configuration(levels selected in the concept) is in the form of array where selected= 1. All configurations(levels appeared in the concept) is also in form of an array. We then take the dot product of (W * Selected Configuration) and (W * All Configurations) and impute in the mentioned formula to get the utility values. We calculate the maximum of Utility value between 4 concepts row wise. In the above example, the maximum Utility value between 4 concepts is highlighted in yellow. We then take the count of these highlighted cells which gives us vote count. If there is any tie then we take an average. In the above example, Concept 1 has 5 highlighted cells hence the Vote Count is 5. Concept 2 has 7 highlighted values of which Response Id : 214585854 has two max values 1.25. In such a tie situation, we average out by ½ = 0.5. (If 1.25 was present in one more concept than average would be ⅓ = 0.33) . Hence the Vote Count will be 2.5. Likewise Vote Count is Calculated for Concept 3 and 4. We take the Total of Vote Count = 2.5+3+2.5+2 = 10 Market Share = Individual vote count/total vote count *100 Market Share of Concept 1 = (2.5/10)*100 = 25% Market Share of Concept 2 = (3/10)*100 = 30% Market Share of Concept 3 = (2.5/10)*100 = 25% Market Share of Concept 4 = (2/10)*100 = 20% License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## MaxDiff- Interpreting Results
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/maxdiff-results.html
Summary: MaxDiff-Interpreting Results

MaxDiff-Interpreting Results With QuestionPro, you can run the Anchored Max-Diff analytics as shown below: Click to download video How do I access the MaxDiff Analysis Results? To access the MaxDiff Analysis Reports, Go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » MaxDiff Analysis What kind of a utility estimation model does the system use to calculate the share of preference? MaxDiff analysis estimates the values (utilities) of each product from the given respondents choices. We use multinomial logit model which gives us the probability that a product will be chosen from a group of products. P(prodi)= exp(Ui) / (exp(U1)+…+exp(Un)) How do I interpret the MaxDiff Analysis Results? We have improved the MaxDiff reporting and it is much easier to understand the most prefered attribute based on the share of preference. For each attribute you will see the percentage of times one attribute is preferred over others by the respondents. You will also see the best and worst percentage for every attribute. How do I filter the data based on the segments I have created? To filter the data, click on filter icon and select the data filter from the drop down. The analysis will be filtered according to the segment selected. How do I export the data? We support an Excel and SPSS datafiles. To export click on the icons. We provide 3 step detailed analysis. The first sheet gives an overview of share of preference, Best and Worst percentage for each attribute. The second sheet provides the raw data with step wise selection made by the user. 0 - Attribute was displayed but not selected by the respondent 1 - Attribute was selected as Worst 2 - Attribute was selected as Best How is the preference share calculated? Raw Utility (Best) U(b) = Ln(B(i) / 1 - B(i))) Raw Utility (Worst) U(w) = -Ln(W(i) / 1 - W(i)) Raw Utility Raw Utility [U(i)] = Average(U(b) , U(w)) Scaled U(Scaled)(i) = U(i) - Average(U) Transformed U(Transformed)(i) = EXP(U(Scaled)(i)) Preference Share Preference Share = U(Transformed)(i) / SUM(U(Transformed)) Note: Back Button is not supported in Max-Diff Question. Conjoint Vs MaxDiff :Impactful choice-modeling for your research <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data quality - Patterned responses
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/patterned-responses.html
Summary: Data quality - Patterned responses

Data quality - Patterned responses Data quality - Patterned responses Data quality is an assessment of data's fitness to serve its purpose. To use this functionality, you can enable patterned responses module under the Data quality module. This module will perform the quality check for matrix questions against the responses selected in straight line or zig-zag pattern for matrix questions. How do I enable patterned responses module of data quality for my survey? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Manage Data. Under Manage Data, select Data Quality option. Once you enable the Data Quality toggle, you will see all the modules available under data quality. Switch on the toggle for patterned responses. Where can I see the responses that are flagged? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Responses. Under Responses, click on Response ID with flag icon. How do I unflag a response? If you think the response should not have been flagged, then you can unflag the response by clicking on the response ID. Navigate to the data quality tab. You can see the question, answer and the reason for flagging the response. Click on the Unflag Response button. Once the unflagging is done the flag icon will disappear in the response viewer. Can I flag a response that I unflagged earlier? To flag the response, click on response ID. Navigate to data quality tab. Click on Flag Response button. Once the response is flagged, flag icon will appear with response ID which has been flagged. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data quality - gibberish words
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/gibberish-words.html
Summary: In open ended questions, responses with gibberish answers will be flagged

Data Quality - Gibberish Words Data quality is an assessment of data's fitness to serve its purpose. QuestionPro AI can detect gibberish response for an open ended question and flag it to improve the quality of data collected. QuestionPro AI can accurately detect nonsensical, garbled, incoherent inputs in most common languages and flag responses or even terminate responses based on your requirements. Our gibberish detection smartly detects typos and ignores them allowing genuine responses and avoiding false flagging of data as gibberish. Data quality gibberish detection check is supported for all major languages and multilingual surveys. Click to download video How do I enable gibberish words module of data quality for my survey? To enable gibberish detection, Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Manage Data Select the Data Quality option under Manage Data options. Enable the toggle for Gibberish Words and save changes. Click on the Eye icon to view and select questions for gibberish detection. Where can I see the responses that are flagged? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Responses. Under the Response Viewer you can view flagged responses. Clicking on the response ID will open the individual response viewer and you can view the data quality score and reason. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Import external data
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/import-external-data-in-survey.html
Summary: Import External Data Into New Survey

Import External Data Into New Survey To import External Data: Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Manage Data » Import Click on Sample Excel Document Fill the data as per the template Browse the file and click on Upload Data Do I need to create a survey for importing data? No. When you import data, a new survey is created automatically. All questions and answers are also created as per the imported file format. Can I edit the survey once I have imported data? Yes. You can edit the survey, change the text for questions and answers. However, we recommend that you don't make any structural changes. If you make structural changes, the data may get affected. I have imported data. I need to upload more responses/data to the same survey. Every time you import data, a new survey is created and the data is imported into the new survey. Data cannot be imported into an existing survey even if the survey was created importing data in the same format. Please maintain the data file that you used to import data offline. To add more responses, please add data to the same file and import the data again. A new survey will be created that will have the entire data. What should be the data format? Data can be imported from an excel (.xls) file format. The first eight columns are reserved for system variables. Actual survey questions start from the 9th column (I) onwards. First Column (A): External Reference Variable column (Optional) Second Column (B): Weight column (Optional) Third Column (C): Email Address (Optional) Fourth Column (D): Custom Variable 1 (Optional) Fifth Column (E): Custom Variable 2 (Optional) Sixth Column (F): Custom Variable 3 (Optional) Seventh Column (G): Custom Variable 4 (Optional) Eighth Column (H): Custom Variable 5 (Optional) Ninth Column (I): Question Type | Text (Required) - Actual Questions start from the ninth column onwards. Data for responses should start from the 3rd row in the Excel file. Currently there is a limit of 255 columns when importing data. Which are the supported question types? Below is the list of supported question types for "Import External Data Into Existing Survey" Multiple Choice: Select One, Select Many, Drop Down Menu Text: Comment Box, Single Row Text, Numeric Input, Email Address, Contact Information Graphical Rating: Star rating, Text Slider, Numeric Slider, Thumbs UP/Down, Smiley-Rating Matrix Table: Multi-Point Scales, Checkbox/Multi-Select, Spreadsheet, Side-By-Side Matrix Ordering: Drag and Drop Misc: Date/Time, Calendar Customer Satisfaction: Net Promoter Score Data/Reference: Lookup Table License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Download center
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/download-center.html
Summary: Download History

Download history Where can I see all the reports generated/downloaded for my account? Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Manage Data » Download Center The table you see lists downloads for all surveys in your account. You can see the type of report (banner table, trend analysis report, analytical Excel report, etc.), and you also have links to each report so that you can re-download it if needed.For reports that may take some time to generate, you can refer to this table to see the report generation progress. Click on the Output File link to download the report again. (You can also right-click the file link and select Save As to save to your hard drive.) I don't see the files generated. How long will these files be kept? Generated reports will be kept for 90 days. All files will be deleted after 90 days. Download history will be maintained for 1 year, after which all logs will be deleted. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Consolidate report
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/consolidate-report.html
Summary: Consolidate Report | Combine Reports

Consolidate Report | Combine Reports If you have two different surveys with exactly similar structure, you can Consolidate Reports for such surveys. Consolidating Reports will give you an excel file with combined data analysis. Select the survey for which you would like to consolidate data/report. Go To:My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Analysis » Consolidate Report Select the survey(s) which you would like to consolidate with the Active Survey. Click on the Run Consolidated Report button. An excel file for consolidated report will be generated and available for download immediately. Structure for the surveys should exactly be same. Consolidated Reports will not be generated if the structure is not same. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Delete survey data
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/delete-survey-data.html
Summary: Delete Survey and Data - How to?

Delete Survey and Data - How to? QuestionPro platform provides you an option to delete the data of a survey or delete the entire survey. Deleting survey responses will cater your need to repurpose the survey whereas deleting survey will help you keep your dashboard clean and up to date with the latest surveys. Lets have a look how you can delete the survey response and delete the survey. How can I delete a survey? To delete a survey, go to: Login » Surveys Depending upon your screen resolution, you will see the delete option on your screen or under the three dots - more options. For smaller screen/resolution, click on the three-dots more options and click on the Delete option. For larger screen/resolution, delete option will be on screen, click on the delete option to delete your survey. Click on the Delete icon for the survey. You can also select multiple surveys at a time and delete them. On the confirmation popup, click Yes to delete or cancel to not delete. Deleted surveys will be moved to the recycle bin. How can I delete data/responses for a survey? To clear the results and delete all responses for a survey, go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Click on the Manage Data menu under Analytics. Select the Delete option in the Manage Data drop down. To delete data, you have two options available here. Clear All Responses: Clicking on Clear Responses here will clear all data/responses. This action cannot be undone. Clear All Test Responses: Clicking on Clear Responses for this option will only delete responses that were collected using the Preview link for the survey. These responses are marked as test_response when saving. Click on Clear Responses to delete data: All response data will be deleted If you are using attach/upload file question, all files associated with the responses will also be deleted. If data was collected using our offline/mobile app, device audit data for the responses will also be deleted. Data once deleted cannot be retrieved! Why would I want to clear the data? If you are doing pre-test trials, etc., you usually want to clear out all the test data from the database before starting to collect "real" data. Use the "Clear Data" function for this. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data quality - All checkboxes selected
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/data-quality-all-checkbox.html
Summary: Data quality - All checkboxes selected

Data quality - All checkboxes selected What is Data quality? Data quality is an assessment of the data's fitness to serve its purpose. Using our data quality tool users can check the fitness of open-ended text questions as well as multi-select questions. You can enable all checkboxes selected module before distributing your survey to perform the quality check against those responses where all the answer options are selected for multi-select questions. Consider that your survey has a question - "What types of credit cards do you use?" with options: Visa Mastercard American Express Discover Diners Club If the respondent selects all the answer options then the response will be flagged. How do I enable all checkboxes selected module of data quality for my survey? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Manage Data. Under manage data, select data quality option. Enable data quality toggle. You will see all the modules available under data quality. Switch on the toggle for all checkboxes selected module. Now, you can distribute your survey to get the responses. Where can I see the responses that are flagged? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics » Responses. Under responses, click on response ID with flag icon. How do I unflag a response? If you think the response should not have been flagged, you can unflag the response by clicking on the Response ID. Click on data quality tab. This view will have the question, answer and the reason for flagging the response. Click on the unflag response button. Once the unflagging is done the flag icon will disappear in the response viewer. Can I flag a response that I unflagged earlier? To flag the response, click on response ID. Navigate to data quality tab. Click on flag response button. Once the response is flagged, flag icon will appear with response ID which has been flagged. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Exporting data to Word or Powerpoint
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/export-data.html
Summary: Exporting the report to Word, Excel, or Powerpoint

Exporting data to Word or Powerpoint To download the Charts and Analytics Report to an Excel, Word or PowerPoint format: Go to: Login » Surveys » Analytics » Manage Data » Export Under Charts & Analytics Export, select the suitable format. The following file formats are available: PowerPoint (.ppt) Word (.doc) Excel (.xls) PowerPoint (.pptx) How to generate a PowerPoint Report? What are the different options available? To generate a PowerPoint Report, go to: Go To: Login » Surveys » Manage Data » Export Under Charts and Analytics Export, choose PowerPoint Choose the correct template. After choosing the template, you may click on View Template to see how the PowerPoint will look. You may toggle the Include Open-Ended Text Dataoption on or off. Under Data Filters, you may set the filters. Enable the option for Filter questions, if you wish to include only specific questions in the PowerPoint. Click on Download How to generate a MS Word Report for the Survey? From the Output Format drop-down menu select the Word (.doc) option. Turn on the button for Include Open-Ended Text Data to include text responses. You can select from Time or Response Status data filters. Click on the Download button to generate the file. Can I view the Survey Statistics in the PowerPoint report? Yes, you can view the Survey Statistics in the PowerPoint report. Refer the screenshot below: License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Scheduled reports
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/scheduled-reports.html
Summary: Report Scheduler / Data Scheduler - How to?

Report Scheduler / Data Scheduler - How to? The Report Scheduler is a recurring and automated interface to automatically email you reports on a periodic basis. Typically this is used in a long running survey (transactional surveys) where you have a continuous data collection stream. On one hand, you have data being collected on an on-going basis, and on the other hand, you can create a daily, weekly or monthly schedule so that the data collected can automatically be emailed to your account. The Report Scheduler is meant for automatic delivery of the various reports that QuestionPro generates. How do I get started? Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Manage Data » Scheduler What are the different options for creating the Report Scheduler? Name: This is the name that identifies this particular scheduler event. Please make this as descriptive as possible - Example - Weekly Excel Report etc. Report: This is the kind of report that can be generated. Choose the best report that suits your needs. Frequency: How often do you want the report emailed to you automatically. Time: At what time do you want the report to be generated and delivered to you. End Date: After setting up the End date the schedule reports will automatically stop sending out reports after that scheduled end date. Data Window: By default, the reports will take into account all the data that has been collected under your account. However, in most cases, running the report on the entire data-set is not needed. It makes sense to generate the report only on the data collected say in the last three months or so. In cases where you only want to see the open-ended comments for a particular survey or simply see the scores generated in the last week, you can shorten the Data Window to be 1 week. Can I create schedules with other frequencies - Fortnightly, quarterly, etc? No. Currently, we are releasing daily, weekly and monthly schedule options only. This may change in the future depending upon how many users ask for other frequency options. How will I get notified when the report is ready? The generated reports will be emailed to you based on the email address under your User Profile. Can multiple users be notified automatically when reports are generated? Yes, with global multi-user accounts (available with the Enterprise License) you can choose the users within your organization that can receive the reports. Can I "modify" a schedule? At this point, we do not allow modifications to the scheduled events. You can, however, delete the events as necessary and schedule a new event. Can I temporarily suspend the scheduled reports? Yes. Just click on the Suspend icon. When the scheduler is Suspended, you will not receive any reports. What are the different kinds of report I can schedule? The following reports can be scheduled: Excel : Raw Data + Analytics This is the exact same Excel report that is generated by going to: Login » Surveys » Manage Data » Raw Data Export » MS Excel Report Excel : Trend Report This is the Trend Report that is generated by going to: Login » Surveys » Reports» Advanced » Trend Analysis SPSS : Data Collection Reporting This Data Collection Reporting can also be generated by going to: Login » Surveys » Manage Data » Statistical Package Export PowerPoint: This Overview Report can also be generated by going to: Login » Surveys » Manage Data » Export » Charts & Analytics Export CSV: Raw Data Login » Surveys » Manage Data » Raw Data Export » CSV Report HTML - Real-Time Text Report This is the Open-Ended Text report generated by going to : Login » Surveys » Reports » Open-Ended Text HTML - Real-Time Summary Report Custom Report : This Refresh Custom Report can also be generated by going to: Login » Surveys » Report » Custom » Customized Reports You can "Refresh" the data automatically by choosing this option. I have scheduled a report and I am not receiving it. What am I doing wrong? The scheduled reports are automatically emailed to the email address specified in your account. If you are not receiving the emails please check the following: SPAM/Junk Mail settings - Please check your email SPAM/Junk settings to make sure emails coming from QuestionPro are not categorized as SPAM/Junk. Please check with your IT department to make sure your organization is not blocking emails coming from QuestionPro as SPAM. You can verify that the report was run by clicking on the "Next Schedule" link for the scheduled report in question. Is there an upper limit for the number of report schedulers per survey? Yes, there is a limit as per the license level: Advanced - 3 Per Survey Team Edition - 3 Per Survey Enterprise - 5 Per Survey Research Edition - 5 Per Survey Daily frequency for report scheduler is only available with our Enterprise and Research Edition license. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Datapad
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/dataset.html
Summary: Datapad - A feature to easily export data to R and other statistical platforms

Datapad for a survey What is datapad? Link Copied <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Datapad allows users to create subsets or snapshots of data collected from respondents that can be used directly in statistical tools like R studio and Jamovi for further analysis. Users can push back the analysis, charts and graphs back to the datapad and easily share the entire package using a public link. How do I create a datapad for a survey? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Under Dashboard, select Datapad option. Provide a title to the datapad and select the required fields. The system will auto generate a description for the datapad. Select an option to treat the missing values present in the dataset. Dataset summary will provide an overview of the data in the dataset. Click on the create dataset button to create a dataset. What are the different ways to treat the missing values in a datapad? We are providing 3 options under Impute missing values Include all values: This will keep the data in the raw form without any treatment. The datapad will have missing values which late user can treat themselves in R studio. Impute missing values with mean/mode: Here in case of numeric variables missing values are imputed with mean of the coloumn and in case of categorical variable the imputation is done with mode. This method of imputation does not reduce the number of responses. Exclude missing values from the datapad: Here we exclude the entire response(row) containing missing value from the datapad.In this case the number of responses reduces. How do I use the datapad created in R studio? Click on copy button to use the dataset created in R studio. URL of the created datapad gets copied. Install RStudio open source software in your machine. Write a command in the workspace as shown below and Run the command to obtain the datapad. Will the data in the datapad created gets updated realtime? No the data in the datapad will not get updated realtime. The concept here is to provide an ability to create a snapshot. If there are 30 responses and you create a dataset then even when the responses collected increase to 50 there will not be any change in the datapad created earlier with 30 responses. How many datapads can I create for a particular survey? You can create as many as datapads you want to create for a particular survey. Datapad once created can be reused for analysis whenever required. How do I access the list of all datapads created for a particular survey? Once you create a first datapad, again when you visit datapad page, you will directed to datapad list page where you can view all the datapads created. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Merge Data 2.0
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/merge-data-2.html
Summary: The detailed help documentation for merging the survey responses from multiple QuestionPro surveys in to one master survey. 

Merge Data 2.0 What is Merge Data 2.0? Merge Data 2.0 is the enhanced version of the QuestionPro Merge/Consolidate data feature. This feature will help the users to merge the survey responses from multiple surveys to one survey to get the aggregated response view. Also, in this feature, the questions are auto-mapped based on a similar question structure as soon as the user selects the surveys to merge. How to merge data from multiple surveys to one survey? To merge the data from multiple surveys to one survey, please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey » Analytics » Manage Data and click on the Merge Data 2.0 option from the drop-down menu. Select the surveys whose responses you need to merge in the current/active survey. Click on the Merge Data button The responses will merge and the survey ID of the original/source survey will be recorded under the external reference of the responses. Which question types are supported for Merge Data 2.0? The below question types are supported for Consolidate Report Data: All Standard Question Types Net Promoter Score Van Westendorp - Price Sensitivity HotSpot - Image Testing Community Recruitment Question Single and Multi Tier LookUp table Budget scale Zip code Lookup table Store locator Store locator address only Max Diff Custom Numeric Data / Smart Validator Please Note: This is a Beta Feature and is currently available only to a select number of users for testing purposes only. If you wish to gain access to this feature please reachout to your Customer Success Representative for more information. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## IP based location data
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/ip-based-location-tracking.html
Summary: IP based location data

IP based location data When your respondents answer any survey, their IP address is stored along with location data for additional insights. IP based location data tracking can be used to gate respondents based on logic or analyze data based on location. However, for privay protection and based on your needs, you can disable IP based location tracking for your account. How is IP based location tracking data collected and stored? When respondents answer any survey, their IP address is captured and stored along with their response. Based on their IP address, we use maxmind geo-coding to find out location data like, country, region, longitured, latitude, radius. This information is stored along with the response data for each response. You can view this data under responses and this data is also included when you export raw data for your survey. Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics » Dashboard » Responses Here you can view IP based location data. How do I switch off IP based location data tracking? By default, IP based location tracking is enabled for all accounts. To disable IP based location data collection and tracking, Go to: My Account (Top right corner) In the drop down, select Global Settings Under Survey Settings, switch off the toggle for IP based location tracking. Once you make this change, going forward, location data will not be collected or tracked for responses. IP based location tracking data already collected on responses cannot be removed. Once you disable IP based location data collection, only new responses collected will not have this data. This change will apply to all surveys in your account. When IP based location tracking is switched off, Maps on dashboard will be disabled. How do I switch off IP based location data tracking for my entire organization? To disable IP based location data collection for your organization, on the surveys list page, Go to: Organization » Settings and click on the Settings button. On the popup, scroll down to the IP based location tracking setting, uncheck the selection box and click on Save Changes Once you disable IP based location tracking for the organization, all new users will have this setting disabled for their account and surveys. If you have existing users, they will need to disable this setting under their account. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## SPSS Export
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/download-spss.html
Summary: Export Data - SPSS File Download

Export Data - SPSS File Download How can I export a SPSS file for my survey data? To download a SPSS file of your data, go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Analytics Under Manage Data click on the Export option. Scroll down to the Statistical Package Export (SPSS) section. Here you can select the required settings for the export and click on Download to export the file. The following settings or controls are available for customization when exporting to SPSS. Include Raw Data: You can choose to include raw data and select either Display Answer Codes/Index or Display Answer Values Legacy Export: Use this toggle to export SPSS file with an older file format. Question Code Variable Name: By default, auto-generated SPSS variable names are used when exporting data. Select this toggle to use question codes instead of auto-generated variable names. Click here to learn more about SPSS variable names Question Code instead of Text: Select this toggle if you want to Display Question Index Instead of Variable Name. By default, the question numbers appear as variables (var1, var2, etc.). Checking this box will replace var1 with Q1, var2 with Q2, etc. Show Question Not Displayed: Hidden questions will be exported using a Dot (.) representation. Unselected Checkboxes = 0: By default, check boxes that are not selected are blank. Selecting this toggle will display a 0 instead of blank. Report Labels: If you have long question or answer text, you can use report labels instead of the long text. Open-Ended Text Data: Open-ended text type data will be exported along with close-ended data. Geo Code & Additional Info: Select this toggle to export metadata collected along with respondents' feedback. Include Randomization Data: Enable this toggle if you wish to see randomization order if you are using block randomization. Language Data Filter: By default, all language responses will be exported. You can select if you wish to download data for particular language when using multilingual surveys. Display Language: Select the primary language for exporting the data. Questions and answers will be in the selected language. Data Filters: By default, the entire data is exported. You can choose specific filters for time or response status to export filtered data. In the SPSS file, we represent the unanswered options of multi-select question type with "." which is the standard representation in SPSS. For SPSS report, the limit is set to 10,000 characters for a comment box question type, and 500 characters for other open-ended question types. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Google Analytics integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/google-analytics-integration.html
Summary: Google Analytics - Integration

Google Analytics - Integration Google Analytics is the web analytics solution that gives you insights into your website traffic and marketing effectiveness. Web analytics is the measurement, collection, analysis and reporting of internet data for purposes of understanding and optimizing web usage. Click to download video To set up Google Analytics integration for your surveys, please follow the steps below: Login » Surveys » Integration On the integrations page, click on Google Analytics tile. Switch on the Google Analytics Integration toggle. Enter your GA4 property ID and click on the Save Changes button. Click here to understand how to create a new GA4 property on your Google Analytics platform The field mapping section will appear. Map the survey data which should be passed on to custom dimensions in Google Analytics and click on the Save Changes button. Your setup is complete and you'll be able to see the tracking information on your Google Analytics portal after respondents complete the survey. Enable debugging - How to? To enable debugging, select the check box for: Debug Info on Thank You Page. On the thank you page of your survey, you will see the debug information. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Usage dashboard
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/usage-dashboard.html
Summary: Usage Dashboard, dashboard, usage, usage stats, statistics

Usage Dashboard The usage statistics provide you a complete snapshot of your usage of the QuestionPro platform. Admins can use the data to better understand how their users utilize the application. Click to download video How to view your usage statistics? To view the usage statistics go to: Surveys » Usage Dashboard The tab titled Overall will open, where you can view a summary of your platform usage. Can I filter the dashboard based on date ranges? By default, the usage dashboard is filtered based on your QuestionPro subscription date range.To apply the date range on the usage dashboard, follow the steps below: Click on Surveys » Usage Dashboard and use the drop-down menu to choose the date filters. You can either choose from the predefined values, or you can use the custom date ranges. Once you have chosen the date range, click on the Apply button. Can I check the usage reports based on teams? Yes, you can filter the usage dashboard based on teams. You can apply the filter for a single team or multiple teams. To filter out the usage dashboard based on the teams, follow the steps below: Click on Surveys » Usage Dashboard and use the drop-down menu to select the teams. Select a team or multiple teams and the dashboard will be filtered automatically. Can I check the usage reports for a single user/ multiple users? Yes, you can filter the usage dashboard based on a single or multiple users. To filter out the usage dashboard based on users, follow the steps below: Click on Surveys » Usage Dashboard and use the drop-down menu to choose the users from the list. Select a single user or multiple users and the data will be filtered automatically. How can I clear/reset all the applied filters from the Usage Dashboard? Click on the reset icon at the top-right corner of the dashboard. This will reset all applied filters. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Response Limits
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/response-limits.html
Summary: Response Limits, Total Responses across organization

Response Limits What is a survey response? A survey response is the feedback or answers provided by participants or respondents for your survey. A survey response can be quantitative or qualitative or a combination of both. Is there any response limit for my account? Yes. Every organization has a limit on the number of responses they can collect. The response limit is for an organization and will be collectively shared by all users under an organization. Response limits depend on the license you have with us. Following are the response limits for some of our popular licenses: ESSENTIALS: Our Essentials license is free for use and has a 200 response limit per survey. ADVANCED: Advanced license has a response limit of 25,000 completed responses per year for the organization. TEAM EDITION: Team edition license has a response limit of 100,000 completed responses per year for the entire organization. RESEARCH EDITION: Research edition license has a custom response limit. Visit our pricing page to learn more about licenses and products we offer. How does the response limit work? Only completed responses are considered towards your response limit. A complete response is a response for a respondent who has gone through the whole survey and clicked on the finish/submit button on the last page of the survey. Incomplete responses or responses that are terminated via branching logic or over quota are not considered towards the response limit. All collected complete responses are considered towards your response limits. If you delete a survey or responses in the survey, the deleted responses that were complete responses will also count towards your response limit. Does the response limit reset upon renewal of the license? Response limits apply and are considered for the duration of your subscription/payment term. For annual accounts, response limits will reset every year. For example, if you have an Advanced edition license, you can collect 25,000 responses every year. When you renew, you can collect 25,000 new responses for the new renewal term. Response limits will not rollover. For example, if you collected 15,000 responses against a limit of 25,000 responses for your Advanced license, upon renewal, the response limit for the new year will be 25,000. What happens when I have used up my response limit? Data collection will not stop. we will continue to collect responses for all active surveys in your account. We notify you when you have used up 75% of your response limit. A new notification is sent at 90% of your response limit. Next notification is sent at 100% response limit. At 120% response limit, access to analytics and your data will be restricted. You can contact your account manager to purchase more responses and continue with your account unhindered. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data retention policy
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/data-retention-policy.html
Summary: Data Retention Policy

Data Retention Policy On-Going Account Data The System will store data of your surveys/campaigns/polls as long as your account is current and active. If data is removed (User deleting surveys, responses, questions, answers, campaigns, polls etc.) the system will remove the data permanently from the primary database servers immediately. The same data will be present in our backup systems for 7 days, after which it will be removed from all our systems. In some cases, if important items (like surveys etc.) are deleted, they may not be removed from our systems immediately. Data may be placed in a recycle bin and permanently removed after 7 days. We will not accomodate requests for restoring data from our backup systems unless it is a system or hardware failure on our part. No Exceptions. Cancellation of Service Upon cancellation of service, the data in your account will be removed from our primary database systems within 24 hours of cancellation. After 7 days, your data is removed from all our systems including our backup systems. We will not accomodate requests for restoring data from our backup systems unless there is a data loss due to a system or hardware failure on our part. No Exceptions. FAQ On Data Retention Policy I accidentally deleted a response to my survey. Can the data be "restored" back to what it was before I deleted the response? No. As stated in the policy above, we do not (and cannot) restore data deleted due to user error. The system prompts you to confirm before deleting a response and it is clearly stated in the delete screens that data once removed cannot be restored. I accidentally cancelled my account. What happened to my surveys? Upon cancellation of your service/account all data associated with the account is removed. We cannot restore your data/surveys. I shared my username and password with a colleague and he/she inadvertently cancelled my account. What can I do now? Sharing usernames and passwords are a violation of our Terms of Use. Please see the first item in the Terms of Use below, specifially : I(1) -- Your login may only be used by one person – a single login shared by multiple people is not permitted. Accordingly, if you are sharing your account information with someone else, you are not only violating the terms of use (subject to immediate termination of your license) you are entirely liable and responsible for the actions of the other users including deleting data. Any action performed by the other user would be considered as an action that was performed by you. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Report Abuse
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/report-abuse.html
Summary: Report Abuse - Reporting SPAM/Phishing Abuse

Report Abuse - Reporting SPAM/Phishing Abuse Your safety comes first on QuestionPro. If something happens that makes you feel unsafe or uncomfortable, please report it. There are two different ways to report someone on QuestionPro - via Surveys/Community and via a Email For reporting a survey or community - "Report Abuse" page Please refer to the Report Abuse Page to report any phishing or spam activity related to QuestionPro Please use the above link in case if you observe any phishing activity or to report any abuse related to QuestionPro / SurveyAnalytics. Our team monitors the requests in real-time, and will get back in case more information is needed to investigate this further. For reporting via email invites - "Report Abuse" link Every email that goes out includes a "Report Abuse" link that email recepients can click on and report the email as SPAM. This is done to pro-actively measure and find out, in advance, when a large percentage of users report emails coming from you as SPAM. Steps to follow if your QuestionPro account is blocked Please contact our customer service team by Live Chat - https://www.questionpro.com/help/ or call - United States of America: +1 (800) 531 0228 United Kingdom: +44 20 8080 9780 Germany: +49 309 160 7401 Australia: +61 2 8074 5080 India: +91 866 880 3801 UAE: +971 43 4348 03 They will investigate the matter and attempt to resolve the issue. Things to avoid for getting invitations marked as Spam Only use opted in or consented to receive emails and do not purchase lists from third parties. Use our in-house Panel services instead -QuestionPro Audience Avoid respondent fatigue by over surveying the respondents. Keep email lists updated and avoid reaching out to old users who are no longer interested in your product or services. Do not use group email addresses such as test@ sales@ contactus@ support@, etc. Use plain text instead of HTML. Ensure your email contains quality material Avoid spam words like - (Buy, order, shopping, sales, income, cash, earn, employment, home-based, money, price, bucks, cents, dollars, check, cheap, charges, price, quote, etc) Avoid sending a large blast of emails all at once. Use SMTP server for better deliverability. Note: Enterprise license level users will have a higher cap limit for their spam abuse report count. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## GDPR Compliance
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/general-data-protection-regulation.html
Summary: General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a regulation by which the European Union intends to strengthen and unify data protection for all individuals within the EU.

GDPR Compliance - General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a regulation by which the European Union intends to strengthen and unify data protection for all individuals within the EU. The GDPR aims primarily to give control back to citizens and residents over their personal data and to simplify the regulatory environment for international business. For more details click here. Set up Go to: Login >> My Account (Top Right Corner) >> Compliance Here, you can enable GDPR compliance for your Organization. GDPR Compliance will be enabled for all accounts on EU servers by default. After enabling the compliance, the user will need to enter contact details for their Data Protection Officer (DPO). QuestionPro will provide default language and details about the various GDPR policies such as: Data retention period. Use of data for research purposes only. No commercial sale of the data. Individual users will not be contacted for marketing or sales purposes. It's up to the customers to decide which options to choose. They may edit the content and language as per their requirements. QuestionPro has selected the Dutch - DPA as the lead supervisory authority that governs data collected by QuestionPro. Users can select from a list Supervisory Authority that they want. Survey footer will have a link to Privacy & Data Security. The link in the footer will go to a page which will have all the relevant details such as DPA, policies, etc. Right to be forgotten: Users can request that all their data be deleted from . QuestionPro will automatically remove all references to the user from its servers. We will show a list of surveys / responses for a respondent. The respondent can then download or delete these responses. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data Center
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/data-center.html
Summary: Data Center Region

QuestionPro Data Centers What is a data center? A data center is a building, a dedicated space within a building, or a group of buildings used to house computer systems and associated components, such as telecommunications and storage systems. Where does QuestionPro have its data centers? We have the following data centers for different regions: US Seattle, USA Dallas, USA Canada: Toronto, CA Europe (EU): Meppel, Netherlands Middle East and North Africa (MENA): Dubai, UAE Kingdom of Saudi Arabia: Riyadh, KSA Australia: Victoria, AU India: Mumbai, IN Can I create my account on any data center? Yes. You can create an account on any of our data centers. If you already have an account and wish to create an account on a different data center, please contact your account manager. To check your data center: Go to: My Account Click on the data center information. Can I move my data or surveys from one data center to another? No. Moving surveys or data between data centers is not possible. To comply with data security requirements on a global level as well as to comply with local regional legal requirements, we cannot and don't allow data to be moved between data centers. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Automated deletion of data
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/automated-deletion-of-data.html
Summary: Automated deletion of data

Automated deletion of data As data protection and privacy become increasingly critical, organizations must adopt a proactive approach to minimizing the volume of stored data. Retaining only what is necessary not only reduces risk but also supports regulatory compliance. Automated data deletion solutions empower organizations to systematically and securely dispose of data in accordance with predefined policies and compliance requirements. This ensures that sensitive information is not held longer than needed, streamlining data governance while reinforcing customer trust and organizational accountability. Which license level is needed? Systematic data deletion is inherently complex, given the distributed architecture across multiple data centers and servers managed by QuestionPro. A client’s data may reside on one or more servers within a single data center, adding to the intricacy of the process. As a result, the capability to enable automated data deletion is available exclusively under an enterprise-wide license*. Entperprise-wide license means a organization with atleast two product verticals. (Example CX and Research) What types of data are eligible for automated deletion? All responses Incomplete responses How do I enable it? You need to contact your customer success manager, who will raise a ticket for the same. The team will need 2-6 weeks to setup the scheduled deletion process depending on the volume, complexity and product. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Narrative Science (AI-Based Insights)
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/widget-insights.html
Summary: Widget Insights based on AI

Narrative Science (AI-Based Insights) What is Narrative Science? Narrative science is a technology using various artificial intelligence and natural language processing techniques for data-based storytelling. In QuestionPro, using such technology we are generating automated insights for the widgets/charts that are added to our dashboarding platform XA3. Widget Insights: Widget insights is a feature that will generate insights automatically for the widgets added to the dashboard. These insights are based on the various data points, question text, answer segments, and other elements present within the widget. We have developed a rule-based engine along with other natural language processing capabilities to generate these insights. Here is a glimpse of widget insights: Click to download video How to use Widget Insights: 1. Click on the Widget Insights icon that is present on the right-hand corner of all the widgets. Count on it represents the number of insights present in the respective widget. 2. Clicking the Widget Insights icon will open a pop-up with insights in the right part. Adding Insights: 1. You can post your insights by typing them into the textbox area provided at the bottom. 2. Once you post your insights, these insights will be shown with all the AI based insights with your name and time of posting. Comments on Insights You can comment your thought, feedback, requests, or ideas on the present insights. The “Comment” option will be shown when you hover over any insight; using it you can comment on specific insight. Notes: Owner of the dashboard can delete any insight and comment in the insights sectio Users can edit or delete their own insights or comments using the Edit and Delete options provided on the insights and comments. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Data Slicers
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/DataSlicers.html
Summary: Data Slicers

Data Slicers What is a data slice? Data Slice is a set of respondents out of the total respondents that can be identified based on a single or multiple criteria. It basically represents a subpopulation out of the total population. What is the data slicers functionality? Data slicer functionality enables the dashboard users to create data slices of their own choice for analysis purposes. Using this functionality multiple data slices can be created and added to the dashboard which can help to do comparative analysis based on certain criteria or variables against the total responses. Data slices can be created and added to a dashboard to identify the level of performance among the different divisions of a company. Further, it can be used to highlight and identify the areas of concern and set the investment priorities accordingly. Data slicers provide the ability to do comparative analysis and derive valuable insights from vast data sets. It also helps to enhance communication with stakeholders and improve engagement with the target audience. How to create and apply a data slicer to a dashboard? Creating data slices: Once you are on the dashboard click on the “Dashboard Settings” icon on the top right corner of the dashboard. In the “Dashboard Settings” popup inside the Data Slicers pane, click on the “Create Data Slicer” button to create a data slice. On the new pop-up to create a data slice, enter the name of the data slice along with criteria based on which you want to create the data slice. Criteria for Date range and survey response status can also be added based on requirements. Apply data slicers: A list of all the created data slices will be shown in the data slicer pane. From the available list based on your requirement, you can enable or disable the data slices from the provided chequebox under the “Apply to dashboard” option. All the selected data slices will be added to the dashboard. Interacting with data slicers: For Bar charts and Line charts dedicated bars and lines representing the enabled data slices on the respective dashboard will be added. It can be changed from the “Data Slicer View” option provide under the Anaytics section of the widget settings. Data Slicer Views: For few of the charts such as: Bar Chart and Line Chart, “Data Slicer View” option is provided, using which you can switch between two differnt views. 1. Combined - In combined view, all the bars and lines for the enabled data slices in the chart will be displayed combinely. 2. Seperate Tabs - In seperate tabs view, option to switch between all the enables data slices is provided in the chart and separate visuals are shown for each of the selection. Further, for all other types of charts, interactive buttons (same like Seperate Tabs view) will be added within the charts, using which the dashboard users can switch between different data slices. How to edit or delete a data slice? On the “Data Slicers” window in the “Dashboard Settings” you can edit or delete a data slice of your choice by clicking on the provided action buttons. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Create Dashboard
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/create-dashboard.html
Summary: Creating dashboard in XA

Create Dashboard How to create a dashboard? A dashboard allows you to add multiple visuals such as charts, tables, metrics, and others. These visuals are updated in real-time and assist its users to acquaint themselves with the most updated data and trends. These dashboards assist decision-makers in making vital decisions by providing important information about various factors and parameters at a glance. How do I create a dashboard? To create a dashboard from scratch, follow these steps: 1. Once you are logged in to your XA3 account, for the first time when you don't have any dashboards in your account; the system will show you a welcome message along with a “+ New Dashboard” button that can be used to create your first dashboard. 2. Once you click it, the system will ask for the name of the dashboard. If there are already a few dashboards present in your account and you want to create a new one, you can click on the “+New Dashboard” button on the left side. With this, your dashboard will be created in which you can start adding widgets of your choice. Quick actions: Renaming the dashboard, creating a copy of the existing dashboard, and deleting the dashboard are the quick actions you can do on a dashboard using the quick action buttons provided. Search dashboard: Using the search window provided on the dashboards page you can search for required dashboard Sort dashboards: You can sort the list of dashboards based on their names or date of creation. This can be done by clicking on the sort buttons provided in front of the “Dashboards” and “Created On” titles. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Adding widgets to dashboard
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/adding-widgets-to-dashboard.html
Summary: Adding widgets to dashboard

Add widgets Once you have created a dashboard, you can add multiple widgets based on your requirements to dashboard. QuestionPro XA3 supports numerous widgets you can add as per your requirements using the “Add Widget” wizard. How do I add a widget to the dashboard To add widgets to your dashboard: Go to: The dashboard on which you want to add widgets Click on the “+ Add Widget” button or you can use the “+” button provided only for the first widget You can choose from the two categories of widgets mentioned as follows: Question Based - These are widgets based on a single survey question Advanced Widget - These are the widgets that take inputs from multiple parameters. It can be based on multiple questions, surveys, and datasets. Multiple other widgets that provide details about survey responses (such as Response Timeline, Text box, and Map) are also available under Advanced Widgets. Choose the appropriate folder and survey from the list Once you select the survey; next you can choose the question from the survey based on which you want to plot the widget. The steeper provided at the bottom will help you know the completed steps or the step which you are on to complete the widget addition process. The system will automatically show all the supported widgets for the question which you choose in the last step. Choose the widget of your choice. Widget Name: The system will automatically take the question text from the survey as widget name. You can enter the widget name of your choice in the provided “Widget Name” text box. This is a mandatory field. Description: This is an optional field. You can add any details related to the widget in the provided space. Click on the “Add Widget” button to add the widget to the dashboard. As shown below, the widget based on the details selected/added will be added to the dashboard. Resizing the widget - You can resize the widget by using the resize button provided at the right bottom corner of the widget. Moving or reordering the widget - to move the widget on the dashboard you can click and select the widget and move it over the dashboard and place it at the desired location. How do I delete widgets from a dashboard? Deleting a widget: Click on the widget settings icon of the widget you want to delete Click on the “Delete” icon from the menu A pop-up will appear to confirm whether you want to proceed further to delete the widget. Click on “Yes” to delete the widget permanently. Note: Delete action permanently deletes the widget and its associated data. Please double-check before deleting widgets. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Map Chart
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/map-chart-widget.html
Summary: This help file will help users to know how to add map chart to XA3 platform and different settings related to it

Map Chart Widget What is a map chart widget A map chart widget can be used to plot the country-wise responses’ distribution in terms of count or percentages. This widget uses the country information from the metadata collected by the system to plot the responses. How do I add a map chart widget Once you are on the dashboard where you want to add the map chart widget >> Click on the “+Add Widget” button >> Click on “Advanced Widgets” >> select “Map Chart” and enter the widget name for the map chart widget >> Click on the Next button >> Select the survey for which you want to add the map chart widget >> Click on the “Save Widget” button Map Chart: Map Chart Settings: You can access the map chart settings by clicking on the widget settings icon on the top right corner of the widget and choosing “Settings” from it. General Settings: Under general settings, you can turn on or off the widget name and you can edit the widget name from here as well. You can turn on or off the highlighted insight for the widget under the general settings. Analytics Settings: Chart Metric - You can change the metric to be shown on the chart, either count of responses for countries or the percentage share of responses for countries. If you choose the Percentage chart metric you can set the decimal precision (either 0 or 1) for the data as per your choice. Minimum response count value - Using this setting you can add the minimum response count condition. Once the restriction is applied system will not show the data for countries which does not have the responses count more than the set condition. Please note that the value entered here is in terms of response count and not response percentage. Zoom in and out - You can zoom in and out using the provided + and - buttons on the top left corner of the widget. Using this you can zoom in and drag on the countries which you want to see data for. Once you click on any country, in tooltip system will show the name of the country along with other details such as response count or response shares. Note: As the metadata collected has information for country level only, the map chart shows data for countries only and is restricted to show state-level data. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## QxBot Dashboard
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/QxBot-Dashboard.html
Summary: Generate powerful dashboards in seconds

QxBot Dashboards QxBot dashboard is a functionality that will help you to generate a meaningful dashboard report automatically from an existing survey. You just need to provide the survey based on which you want to create a dashboard and the QxBot based on the AI-based algorithms will create a dashboard for you. Further, the functionality will also generate AI-based insights for all the widgets created which will help the users to get inferences out of surveys fast and will also fasten the decision-making process. The dashboards created by the QxBot dashboard are editable and users can make further changes to them as per their requirements. How can I create dashboards using QxBot Dashoard: 1. Once you are logged into your XA3 account >> Go to Dashboards 2. Select QxBot Dashboard 3. Select the survey based on which you want to create the dashboard Dashbaord will be created automatically with the same name as the survey selected Which question types are supported in QxBot Dashboard: Following question types are presently supported in the dashboard created by QxBot - Unichoice questions Multichoice questions Text questions Matrix questions Which type of widgets are added in the QxBot generated dashboards: Following type of widgets are added to the dashboards generated using QxBot - Pie Chart Line Chart Bar Chart Donut Chart Pictorial Chart Map Chart Survey Stats Widget Word Cloud Widget Stacked Bar Chart Matrix Heatmap Widget Rich Text Editor Widget Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---
