QuestionPro Help — Surveys: Settings And Integrations
Source: QuestionPro Help (surveys.questionpro.com)
Articles: 44
============================================================

## Constant sum question settings
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/constant-sum-settings.html
Summary: Constant Sum Settings

Constant Sum Settings The settings for Constant Sum questions define how the question behaves and how respondents provide their answers. These options are available under the specific question type in your survey. The following changes can be made under constant sum settings: Enable decimal points: Set up to 3 decimal points on the slider. Running total: Show the total of all answer options. Slider: Show or hide the slider bar. The respondents will need to manually enter the digits in the boxes. Sum Value: The sum value can be changed to a static value or it can be piped to following numeric question in the survey. The static value is used to lock any number specified in the field. To change the constant sum settings: Click on question settings. All settings related to this question are displayed on the right. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Setting default answer option
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/default-selected.html
Summary:  Setting default answers 

Setting default answers This option is available for all multiple choice questions (select one, select many, and drop-down menu) and matrix tables (but not for spreadsheet matrix tables). Go to: The option you want to set as default selected >> Click on the arrow beside the option Check the box for the default answer(s) you would like to show. Note: Select only one default answer for any select one question (including drop-down menu). License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Display Settings
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-display-settings.html
Summary: Display settings

Display Settings and Survey Controls What are survey display settings? All survey display settings and survey controls like navigation buttons, progress bar, question numbering, validation messages, survey advance modes can be controlled under Display Settings Where can I access and update the display settings for my survey? Go to: Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Design Under the Design tab, you can change the display settings for your survey. Depending on screen size and settings, you may have to scroll to access some display settings Following controls can be changed: Survey Layout: By default, classic layout is selected. You can select between classic, focus (single question per page), visual or accessible layouts. Progress Bar: Select where the progress bar should appear. Select “None” to hide the progress bar. Start Button: Enter the text you'd like to display on the Start button for the survey which will be displayed on the first page of a multi-page survey Next Button: Enter the text you'd like to use for the Next button. Finish Button: Enter the text you'd like to use for the Done button. This will display on the last page of the survey. Display Question Numbers: Switch this option on to display Question numbers in the survey. Back Button: Switch on this option to include a “Back” button on each page of the survey. Exit Button: Switch on this option to include an Exit button on each page of the survey to allow the respondent to exit the survey at any time. Respondents who choose to exit a survey before completing it will be marked as incompletes. Exit URL: If you would like to direct users to a particular website when they click Exit, you can set this URL here. Validation Message: Switch on to display validation messages on the survey. Browser Title: The Browser Title lets you define the text displayed in the title bar of your survey webpage. Social Network Toolbar: Switch on this option to include social buttons for sharing the survey via email, Facebook, or Twitter. The social network toolbar will be included in the footer of the survey. Auto-advance: Enable or disable auto-advance mode where the survey scrolls automatically to the next question. Auto-advance option is only available with the classic survey mode and will be disabled for focus display mode. Auto-submit: Auto submit survey answers to make it easy for respondents to answer a survey. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Telly Integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/tv-surveys.html
Summary: Telly Interagtion controls. Answer survey on a TV

Telly Integration QuestionPro allows you to conduct research and collect data or feedback on all kinds of display devices. On certain display devices like television, traditional input devices like keyboards or mouse may not be available. QuestionPro allows you to navigate through the survey using television remotes or dpad controllers like xbox or playstation gaming controllers enabling you to collect data at the right time from any device possible. Click to download video How do I enable respondents to answer a survey on their TV? Go to: Edit » Design Under Display Settings, scroll down to Telly Integration and enable this toggle and Save. Now, when respondents answer the survey from their TV or gaming console, they will be able to navigate through the survey and answer the survey using their TV remote or gaming controller. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Telly Integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/telly-integration.html
Summary: Telly Interagtion controls. Answer survey on a TV

Telly Integration QuestionPro allows you to conduct research and collect data or feedback on all kinds of display devices. On certain display devices like television, traditional input devices like keyboards or mouse may not be available. QuestionPro allows you to navigate through the survey using television remotes or dpad controllers like xbox or playstation gaming controllers enabling you to collect data at the right time from any device possible. Here's an example of how to enable telly integration for your survey: Click to download video Respondent experience: Click to download video How do I enable respondents to answer a survey on their TV? Go to: Edit » Design Under Display Settings, scroll down to Telly Integration and enable this toggle and Save. Now, when respondents answer the survey from their TV or gaming console, they will be able to navigate through the survey and answer the survey using their TV remote or gaming controller. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey settings
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-settings.html
Summary: Survey settings

Survey settings QuestionPro allows you to set up various survey-level settings like setting the survey status, response quota, closing date of the survey, survey timer, preventing duplicate responses and ensuring responses are anonymous. How do I change the settings for my survey? To change your survey settings: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Settings. Here, you can change the settings of your survey. The following options are available under survey settings: Survey status: To change the survey status to active, closed, or collaborate, just click on the survey status drop-down and select an option. Response quota: Here, you can set a value which is the maximum number of respondents allowed to take your survey. Close date: You can define a closure date for your survey. After this date, your survey will become inactive. Closed message: You can enter a custom message which will be displayed when a respondent clicks on a closed survey link. Multiple responding: This option allows you to restrict respondents from taking your survey more than once. Save and continue: If you want your respondents to have flexibility to save your survey partially and continue answering the survey later on. Survey timer: This allows you to set a time limit on a survey. The respondents have to complete the survey within the time limit after which the survey closes and the responses are marked as incomplete. Min. time limit = 5 seconds Max. time limit = 180 minutes (3 hours) SEO: You can enable SEO to allow search engines (Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc.) to index your survey. Respondent Anonymity Assurance: This will protect privacy and confidentiality of respondents, ensuring their anonymity. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Action alerts
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/setting-action-alerts.html
Summary: Setting up action alerts

Response Criteria based Notifications Action alerts or response criteria based notifications enable you to get notified immediately when someone answers in a particular way to your questions in your survey. For example, you could set up a notification alert to notify your customer service manager every time that someone gives a low satisfaction score on a feedback survey. How do I set up a response criteria based notification? My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Settings » Notifications Click on the New Notification button. Enter a name for your notification and click on Add Notification. For the notification, create a New Criteria or select an existing criteria. You can select or create multiple criteria. Criteria created on surveys are available to be used for setting up notifications. If the criteria is met, select who the email notification should be sent to. Email Administrator: By default email administrator will be enabled. Email notification will be sent to the survey administrator's email address. Email Respondent: Email notification will be sent to the respondent email address. This will either use the respondent email address if sent with a tracking link or if there is an email input question on the survey. To: You can add additional email addresses to whom you wish to send the email notification. Emails will be CC'd to the email addresses. You can also choose to include the survey response and system variables. Click Save Changes. Test out the rule by previewing and taking the survey. Make sure you choose the options in the survey that trigger the alert, and you should be getting emails depending upon what actions you choose. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Sharing and Collaboration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/sharing-and-collaboration.html
Summary: Survey sharing and collaboration

Survey Sharing and Collaboration Surveys form the basis of successful market research projects and insights management. Agile surveys are needed to develop research studies that are easy to manage, quick to deploy, and allow for easy collaboration between distributed researchers and teams. Click to download video Survey collaboration is now available in BETA and will be rolled out to all organizations by September 2025. Please reach out to your account manager if you wish to try out early access to our brand new survey authoring tech stack and collaboration features. How to share a survey? You can share a survey within the organization among users in your team or organization or externally with users outside the organization even without a QuestionPro account. There are two easy ways to share a survey. Share folder and all surveys within a folder. Sharing a folder with users in your organization makes it very easy to share multiple surveys in one go. Any new survey created in the shared folder will also be shared with everyone who have been granted access. Go to: Login » Surveys Hover on the folder and click on the three-dot menu for the folder. Click on Share Folder You have the option to share the folder with: Everyone in the org Share folder with specific teams Share folder with specific users In the following example, the folder is shared with specific users: To share an individual survey, go to: Login » My Surveys Click on the three-dot menu and click on Share Survey Individual survey sharing option is only available with Research Edition licenses. You can share with: Specific users Specific teams Everyone In this example, we are sharing the survey with members outside the organization. Once you have shared the surveys, you can start collaborating! How does collaboration work? Once you have shared your survey with others in your org, everyone can collaborate on the survey. Multiple users can simultaneously and seemlessly work on the surveys! On the top right corner of the survey, you will be able to see all users who are active on the survey. You will also see the questions on which a particular user is active. If a user is actively updating a question in a survey, other users will be locked out for edits untill the first user is done. Edit logs for every users every action are maintained and you can see them under Tools » Survey Versions Every users edit and update logs are maintained and you can choose to switch to any of the survey versions using the Restore Version option. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Customer Experience University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## SSL security
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/ssl-security.html
Summary: SSL Security

SSL Security Using SSL Security, the links for the surveys are automatically encoded using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) the industry standard encryption technology. This makes sure that no one else has access to the data and adds another added layer of security. The SSL technology encrypts data that gets passed between our servers and the end-user -- survey respondent. What is https? Secure Socket Layer (SSL) is a cryptographic protocol that provides communication security over the Internet. Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (HTTPS) is a widely-used communications protocol for secure communication over a computer network, with especially wide deployment on the Internet. Technically, it is not a protocol in itself; rather, it is the result of simply layering the Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) on top of the SSL protocol, thus adding the security capabilities of SSL/TLS to standard HTTP communications. HTTPS provides authentication of the web site and associated web server that one is communicating with, which protects against Man-in-the-middle attacks. Additionally, it provides bidirectional encryption of communications between a client and server, which protects against eavesdropping and tampering with and/or forging the contents of the communication. In practice, this provides a reasonable guarantee that one is communicating with precisely the web site that one intended to communicate with (as opposed to an impostor), as well as ensuring that the contents of communications between the user and site cannot be read or forged by any third party. How can I enable SSL security on the Survey? SSL Security enabled by default for all surveys. Note: SSL Security can not be disabled. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Authentication using single sign-on
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-authentication-saml.html
Summary: Survey Authentication- SAML SSO

Survey Authentication - SAML SSO Single sign-on (SSO) is an authentication scheme that allows users to use the same login credentials to log in to multiple platforms. If you are doing an employee survey across your company you would want to restrict the access to your employees only, and restrict anonymous users from accessing the survey. There are various options to achieve this, you can use login/password model where you will have to set unique login and password for all your employees and then distribute it via email. A Smarter way of doing it would be to use SSO, so that they can only access the survey through your company login credentials. This way, you don't have to introduce another set of login credentials into the equation. SSO will also ensure higher response rates as users can take the survey seamlessly. How to enable SAML SSO for your survey? To set up SAML SSO survey authentication, follow the steps below: Log in to your QuestionPro account Click on the User Profile Icon, then click on My Account from the dropdown menu. Under SSO Authentication select, SAML (Signed) from the dropdown menu and then select Metadata URL or Metadata File as the configuration type. For Metadata URL option, paste the Issuer URL (ID) and for Metadata File option select the Issuer metadata (XML file) to upload, and paste the Single Sign On URL which you can get from your IDP then click on Save Changes Now, when you go to the Survey >> Settings >> Security there will be a new option available named as "Your Organization Name" SAML as the last option in the list. Select this security option and click on Save Changes Now, your survey is SSO (SAML) enabled which will allow only the authenticated users to answer your survey. SAML SSO is an Organization level setting and hence this option will now be visible in all of your surveys under Survey>> Settings>> Security How do I send additional user data to QuestionPro using SSO SAML Authentication? You can send additional user data to your QuestionPro survey response by passing the data as attributes in the XML assertion and the attributes will be stored as custom variable values for the response. All the attributes will be stored in the custom variables in a sequential manner the first attribute will go in custom1, the second attribute in custom2 and so on. You can also directly map the attributes to custom variables in the assertion for that, you have to define the attributes in the format: custom1 = user.firstname and custom2 = user.lastname and so on. Can I enable SSO on report links too? Yes. You can restrict the report links to be accessed by authenticated users only. To enable SSO for report links, follow the steps below: Go to User Profile >> My Account. Under SSO Authentication section, switch the Restrict Report links to SSO only toggle ON. Click on Save Changes. Which of the report links support SSO authentication: Following report links will be restricted to SSO after making the changes under Global Settings: Dashboard report link. Permalink/ Data segmentation link. Cross-Tab report link. Word cloud link. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## MaxDiff settings
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/max-diff-settings.html
Summary: Max Diff Settings

Max Diff Settings MaxDiff / Maximum difference scaling MaxDiff is a methodology developed by Jordan Louviere et al. that results in interval scale measurements that are based on comparative judgments that can be easily performed, even when the number of attributes is not small. The task presents respondents with a set of items, usually 3 to 6, and simply asks them to select the most preferred and the least preferred in the set (or the most important, least important; best item, worst item, etc.; in fact, the method is also referred to as Best/Worst scaling). Respondents can typically handle a number of these evaluations, and may be asked to respond to 15, 20, or more sets. Maximum Difference Scaling is a very effective method of establishing the relative priority attached by an audience to a large set of items (up to 30). These items might be: Features or benefits of a service Areas for potential investment of resources Interests and activities Potential marketing messages for a new product Products or services used Traditionally, for a large number of items (more than 10) this might have been addressed via a rating scale. For example, we might ask on a numeric scale of 1..10, where 1 is not important at all and 10 is extremely important, how important is each item? Each item's average score can then be presented for any subgroup. Click to download video Settings in Max Diff Maximum Attributes: Out of the attributes listed in the question, we have the option to choose or limit the attributes to be displayed according to the task. For example: When there are 9 attributes, you can limit it to 6, so that only 6 will be displayed. Attributes Per Task: Out of the selected maximum attributes, we can select how many attributes we want to show per task. For example: If maximum attributes are 4, you can set the attributes per task as 2. It will show 2 attributes per task. Repeat Attributes: When you want to repeat a set of attributes, this function is used. For example: There are 6 attributes listed in the question, and if you want to repeat these attributes 4 times, then each attribute will be shown 4 times to the respondent. Consider there are 4 attributes in the question, and attributes per task is 2 for all the scenarios below: Example 1: If All is selected in Maximum Attributes, and 1 is selected in Repeat Attributes, then each respondent will see all the attributes exactly one time. Example 2: If All is selected in Maximum Attributes, and 2 is selected in Repeat Attributes, then each respondent will see all the attributes exactly 2 times. Example 3: If 3 is selected in Maximum Attributes, and 2 is selected in Repeat Attributes, then each respondent will see 3 of the attributes exactly 2 times and will never see the remaining one. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Salesforce sandbox
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/sandbox-salesforce.html
Summary: The detailed help documentation for QuestionPro Salesforce sandbox connection.

Sandbox - Salesforce A sandbox is used to test various scenarios, from new functionalities being developed to testing data exchanges between applications. For example, a sandbox environment could be a virtual machine where you try out a new operating system without installing it directly on your computer. CRMs like Salesforce often handle large volumes of critical data. Therefore, many users prefer to test integrations in a sandbox environment to avoid risking their actual data when setting up services like QuestionPro. Does QuestionPro support integration with Salesforce's sandbox? Yes. QuestionPro supports integration with SalesForce’s sandbox environment. To enable the sandbox option please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey >> Integrations >> Salesforce Turn on the sandbox toggle and enter your sandbox username and password. Click on the Verify Connection button. Can I map the questions to Sandbox? Yes, you can map the questions to Sandbox environment in the same way you map questions for Salesforce production environment. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## MS Dynamics integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/microsoft-dynamics-crm.html
Summary: QuestionPro Microsoft Dynamics CRM Integration

Microsoft Dynamics CRM Integration The Microsoft Dynamics CRM integration with QuestionPro allows you to automatically send survey responses to your Dynamics CRM account. With the new OAuth-based authentication method, users can securely connect their Dynamics account by logging in through Microsoft's authorization flow—no need to store or share passwords. Once connected, you can map survey questions to CRM fields and define whether to create or update records in Dynamics (like Leads or Contacts). This ensures your CRM data is always up to date based on real-time feedback from surveys. How to use Microsoft Dynamics integration to connect the QuestionPro survey to your Microsoft Dynamics CRM account? To integrate your QuestionPro survey with your Microsoft Dynamics account, please follow the steps below: Go to: Survey >> Integration >> Microsoft Dynamics Enter the name of the connection and your Microsoft Dynamics organization URL. Then click the Save button. Click on the Login with MS Dynamics button. The OAuth page will open in a new window. Enter your Microsoft username and click on the Next button. Then enter your Microsoft password and click on the Sign in button. After creating a connection, you will need to map the survey to your Dynamics object. Click on the + Add New Mapping button to add the field mapping for the current survey. Select the action you want to perform on each new QuestionPro response from the first drop-down: Create New: To create a new record in the Dynamics object. Update Existing: To update an existing record in the Dynamics object. Update if exists, else create new: To avoid duplicate records in the Dynamics object. Select your Dynamics object in the second drop-down and click on the Continue button. In the next screen, select the mapping type for the current survey from the first drop-down: Map a question: To map the answer code of the question to a Dynamics field. Map a custom variable: To map a custom variable value of the response to a Dynamics field. Available custom variables are from custom3 to custom255. Map a system variable: To map the system variable values to a Dynamics field. Available system variables are ResponseID, Timestamp, Device Data, and Language. Map an answer value: To map the answer value to a Dynamics field. Pull Data: To pull existing data from a Dynamics record and use it within the survey. Select the question or variable from the QuestionPro survey in the second drop-down, and select the Dynamics object field in the third drop-down. Use the '+' and '-' buttons on the right side of each field mapping to add or delete options, respectively. Ensure you have provided mappings for all the required fields, then click on the Continue button. Note: Please make sure to collect the responses for your survey from the Survey URL provided inside the mapping to send the data to your Dynamics object. Otherwise, the data will not be sent to your Dynamics object; it will remain in your QuestionPro account. After configuring the mappings, you will see a list of mappings created for that survey. You can review all the mappings for that survey using the snapshot view by hovering over each mapping. You can click on the mapping or the Edit button in the snapshot view to edit that particular mapping. Once you answer the survey, you can find the response pushed to your Microsoft Dynamics CRM account as per the mappings: FAQs: Can I use any custom objects from my MS Dynamics CRM? Yes, you can integrate your QuestionPro survey with any of your custom MS Dynamics object. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Salesforce Integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/salesforce-integration-v2.html
Summary: Salesforce Integration

Salesforce Integration How to use the new Salesforce integration to connect the QuestionPro survey to Salesforce? Please follow the steps below to connect your QuestionPro survey to Salesforce: Go to: Survey >> Integration >> Salesforce Enter the desired name of the connection and click on Save button. Note: You can switch ON the Sandbox toggle to connect to Salesforce Sandbox environment but Sandbox connection is an Enterprise Edition feature. Click on the Sign in with Salesforce button. The OAuth page will be opened up in the new window. Enter your Salesforce username and password and click on Login button. After creating a connection you will need to map the survey to your Salesforce object. Click on + Add New Mapping button to add the field mapping for the current survey. Select the action you want to perform on each new QuestionPro response from the first drop-down: Create New: To create new record in Salesforce object. Update Existing: To update existing record in Salesforce object. Update if exists, else create new: To avoid duplicate records in Salesforce object. Select your Salesforce object in the second drop-down and click on Continue button. In the next screen, select the mapping type for the current survey from the first drop-down: Map a question: To map the answer code of the question to Salesforce field. Map a custom variable: To map custom variable value of the response to Salesforce field. Available custom variables are from custom3 to custom 255. Map a system variable: To map the system variable values to the Salesforce field. Available system variables are ResponseID, Timestamp, Device Data, Language and Survey Name. Map an answer value: To map the answer value to the Salesforce field. Pull Data: To pull existing data from Salesforce record and use it within the survey. (This is only available under Update Existing mapping) Select the question or variable from the QuestionPro survey in the second drop-down, and select the Salesforce object field in the third drop-down. Use the '+' and '-' buttons on the right side of each field mapping to add or delete options, respectively. Ensure you have provided mappings for all the required fields, then click on the Continue button. Note: Please make sure to collect the responses for your survey from the Survey URL provided inside the mapping to send the data to your Salesforce object other wise the data will not be sent to your Salesforce object, it will remain in your QuestionPro account. After configuring the mappings you will be available with a list of mappings created for that survey. You can go through all the mappings for that survey by using the snapshot view by hovering over each mapping. You can click on the mapping or the Edit button on the snapshot view to edit that particular mapping. How to troubleshoot Salesforce integration? Please follow the steps below to troubleshoot your Salesforce integration with QuestionPro survey: Go to: Survey>>Integration>>Salesforce>>Your Mapping>>Logs Here you can view all the logs against each and every responseID along with their status and error message if any. Repost: This will allow you to fetch the data for the same responseID once you have rectified the error. Also, at the same time the system will update the status. Bulk Repost: Say for example you have received 100 responses but due to poor mapping you could not fetch the data. No worries you can now rectify the issue and perform repost in bulk by selecting all response ID. Search: You can search a particular response ID using the search engine. Filter: You can also filter the response based on their status as All, Success, Failed and Response Deleted. Can I get Email notification for failed response? Yes, user will be notified through email on the registered email address with all the details like, survey ID, Mapping name, response ID with error details. To avail this feature you will have to switch on the toggle button for Error Notifications. Note: There can be different errors that can occur due to various reasons. So you will be notified only once in a 24 hours for each unique error. Limits ResourceTeam EditionResearch Edition Licence No. of connections2100 No. of object mappings10100 No. of field mappingsUnlimitedUnlimited FAQs: Can I push the survey data to multiple objects in Salesforce? Yes. You can push the survey responses to multiple Salesforce objects. To achieve the same you'll have to, Keep all the mappings within the survey on "Create New" records mode Use the anonymous or tracked survey links instead of the survey link present inside the mappings Can I use Salesforce integration with shared surveys No, Salesforce integration is not available for shared surveys. Only the survey owner can integrate their survey with Salesforce. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Integrate QuestionPro with SONA credit management
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/SONA.html
Summary: Integrate QuestionPro with SONA credit management

Integrate QuestionPro with SONA credit management What is SONA credit management Sona Systems allows researchers to assign and set up credits efficiently. Researchers can view a list of people who sign up for their study and are able to administer (or not administer) credit based on participation. The system also allows administrators to establish the number of credits needed for a participant to successfully complete their course study. Administrators and instructors can even go as far as granting special non-study credit to students who complete an alternative assignment, such as a research paper or advanced project. Managing credits allows users to: Have full control over credit allocation-assigning or indicating who did not attend Run participant reports and easily make assessment of participation performance Give non-study credits for participants who complete research alternatives See a list of students enrolled in their course and their credits SONA Research Management: Sona Systems is the leader in cloud-based participant pool management software, helping thousands of research coordinators and researchers around the world set up studies, recruit participants, and manage credits or paid participation. Not only does the software grant researchers the ability to prescreen participants, but also restrict eligibility based on past participation in other studies, and manage study schedules. Furthermore, the system produces a wide array of participant pool usage reports and configuration options, giving research coordinators tight control over the entire research process. Alternatives to SONA for your respondent panel.- QuestionPro Audience External Study Credit Granting with QuestionPro While these instructions refer to "credit-granting", they work for both credit and paid studies. For paid studies, participation will be marked (instead of credit granted) just like with any other paid study. Here are the basic steps to integrate SONA credit to QuestionPro. On your Sona Systems site, change the Study URL so it includes ?custom1=%SURVEY_CODE% in the URL. So if the QuestionPro URL is: questionpro.com/t/AOjvqZkebI then change it to questionpro.com/t/AIZBjs6?custom1=%SURVEY_CODE% Having completed Step 1, the Study Information on your Sona Systems site now displays a URL labeled "QuestionPro Automatic Redirect URL" to QuestionPro Automatic redirect Step 3: Step 3. If Steps 1 and 2 were completed correctly, then QuestionPro will add in the parameter automatically when it redirects the user. So if the QuestionPro Automatic Redirect Website Address will look something like this: These features are described on QuestionPro's site at the following URLs: QuestionPro custom variables in URLs License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Copper CRM Integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/copper-crm-integration.html
Summary: QuestionPro official help documentation for integrating your survey with Copper CRM

Copper CRM Integration What is Copper CRM? Copper CRM features extensive and tight integration with the Google Workspace suite of applications, filling a gap in the CRM market. As the only sales automation solution endorsed by Google, this makes Copper CRM an appealing choice for businesses that are Google workshops. Copper CRM is mostly used by small to medium sized businesses of 1–200 employees with up to $50M in revenue. The most common industries that use Copper CRM are computer software and information technology and services. To get your free account click here. How to integrate QuestionPro survey responses with Copper CRM? Please follow the steps below to connect your QuestionPro survey to Copper CRM: Go to: Survey » Integration » Copper Enter the desired name of the connection, provide your Copper API Key, and enter your Copper email address. Click on the Save button. After creating a connection you will need to map the survey to your Copper object. Click on + Add New Mapping button to add the field mapping for the current survey. Select the action you want to perform on each new QuestionPro response from the first drop-down: Create New: To create new record in Copper object. Update Existing: To update existing record in Copper object. Select your Copper object in the second drop-down and click on Continue button. In the next screen, select the mapping type for the current survey from the first drop-down: Map a question: To map the answer code of the question to Copper field. Map a custom variable: To map custom variable value of the response to Copper field. Available custom variables are from custom3 to custom 255. Map a system variable: To map the system variable values to the Copper field. Available system variables are ResponseID, Timestamp, Device Data and Language. Map an answer value: To map the answer value to the Copper field. Pull Data: To pull existing data from Copper record and use it within the survey. Select the question/ variable from QuestionPro survey from second drop-down and select the Copper object field from the third drop-down. Use the "+" and "-" buttons on the right side of each field mapping to add or delete new option respectively. Make sure you have provided mappings to all the required feilds then click on Continue button. Note: Please make sure to collect the responses for your survey from the Survey URL provided inside the mapping to send the data to your Copper object other wise a copy of the data will not be sent to your Copper object, it will remain in your QuestionPro account only. After configuring the mappings you will be available with a list of mappings created for that survey. You can go through all the mappings for that survey by using the snapshot view by hovering over each mapping. You can click on the mapping or the Edit button on the snapshot view to edit that particular mapping. After the setup is done, the integration will trigger once the respondents hit the Submit/Done button on the survey. After the survey completion you can see a new record created on your Copper CRM in case of "Create New" action. How to get API key from Copper CRM? To get the API key from Copper CRM, follow the steps below: Login to your Copper CRM and go to Settings » Integrations » API Keys. Click on the Generate API Key button. A new API key will be created for your account. You can add a label for the new API key. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Freshsales CRM Integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/freshsales-crm-integration.html
Summary: QuestionPro official help documentation for integrating with Freshsales CRM

Freshsales CRM Integration What is Freshsales CRM? Freshsales CRM (formerly Freshworks CRM) is a cloud-based CRM solution that helps businesses across different industry verticals to manage their interactions with existing and potential customers. Features include one-click phone, sales lead tracking, sales management, event tracking and more. Users can also send personalized bulk emails from the solution, and then monitor activities on these emails. The inbox automatically prioritizes emails from contacts and leads that are waiting for a response. For getting a trial Freshsales account click here. How to integrate QuestionPro survey responses with Freshsales CRM? Please follow the steps below to connect your QuestionPro survey to Freshsales CRM: Go to: Survey » Integration » Freshsales Enter the desired name of the connection, provide your Freshsales API Key, and enter your Freshsales organization URL. Click on the Save button. After creating a connection you will need to map the survey to your Freshsales object. Click on + Add New Mapping button to add the field mapping for the current survey. Select the action you want to perform on each new QuestionPro response from the first drop-down: Create New: To create new record in Freshsales object. Update Existing: To update existing record in Freshsales object. Select your Freshsales object in the second drop-down and click on Continue button. In the next screen, select the mapping type for the current survey from the first drop-down: Map a question: To map the answer code of the question to Freshsales field. Map a custom variable: To map custom variable value of the response to Freshsales field. Available custom variables are from custom3 to custom 255. Map a system variable: To map the system variable values to the Freshsales field. Available system variables are ResponseID, Timestamp, Device Data and Language. Map an answer value: To map the answer value to the Freshsales field. Pull Data: To pull existing data from Freshsales record and use it within the survey. Select the question/ variable from QuestionPro survey from second drop-down and select the Freshsales object field from the third drop-down. Use the "+" and "-" buttons on the right side of each field mapping to add or delete new option respectively. Make sure you have provided mappings to all the required feilds then click on Continue button. Note: Please make sure to collect the responses for your survey from the Survey URL provided inside the mapping to send the data to your Freshsales object other wise a copy of the data will not be sent to your Freshsales object, it will remain in your QuestionPro account only. After configuring the mappings you will be available with a list of mappings created for that survey. You can go through all the mappings for that survey by using the snapshot view by hovering over each mapping. You can click on the mapping or the Edit button on the snapshot view to edit that particular mapping. After the setup is done, the integration will trigger once the respondents hit the Submit/Done button on the survey. After the survey completion you can see a new record created on your Freshsales CRM in case of "Create New" action. How to get API key from Freshsales CRM? To get the API key from Freshsales CRM, follow the steps below: Login to your Freshsales CRM and go to User Profile » API Settings. Verify the captcha. A new API key will be created for your account. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Marketo integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/marketo-integration.html
Summary: Marketo Integration

Marketo Integration What is Marketo? Marketo is a marketing software as a service (SaaS) platform designed to help businesses assess and automate marketing tasks. With QuestionPro- Marketo integration you can create or update a lead in your Marketo account on every new response received to your QuestionPro survey. To integrate your QuestionPro survey to your Marketo account please follow the steps below: Go to Survey >> Integration >> Marketo Enter the Connection Name. Get the following details from your Marketo account and fill them in here: Client ID Client Secret Connection URL Please use connection URL without including any additional paths. Example: https://284-RPR-133.mktorest.com Click on Save button. Now a connection between your QuestionPro account and Marketo account is created. Click on +Add New Mapping button to add the field mapping for the current survey. Select any one action for the new response from the drop-down menu and click on Save button. Now select the type of data you want to map to your Marketo field from the first drop-down menu. Select the QuestionPro data to map either question, custom variable system variable or answer value from the second drop-down menu and the field name from your Marketo account in the third drop-down menu. Click on Continue. Here you can see the mappings created by you for the current connection. You can switch the connection from the drop-down menu present at the top right of the section. When you hover above the mapping you can preview the fields mapped and on clicking on the mapping or the Edit button from the preview you can make the changes in the mapping. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Hubspot integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/hubspot-integration.html
Summary: HubSpot Integration - Your QuestionPro survey data and your HubSpot contacts database will interact consistently thanks to the QuestionPro-HubSpot integration.

HubSpot Integration The QuestionPro - HubSpot integration establishes a standardised interface between your QuestionPro survey data and your Hubspot contacts database. The data collected via a QuestionPro survey can be used to create new contacts or update existing contacts in Hubspot contacts in real time. How to use new HubSpot integration to connect the QuestionPro survey to your HubSpot account? Follow the steps below to connect your QuestionPro survey to HubSpot account: Go to Surveys >> Integrations >> HubSpot. Enter the desired Connection Name and click on the Save button. In the next step, click on Sign in with HubSpot button In the pop-up, login to your HubSpot account and choose the account you want to connect to QuestionPro. Click on the Choose Account button In the pop-up, review the permissions and click on the Connect App button After creating a connection you will need to map the survey to your HubSpot account. Click on + Add New Mapping button to add the field mapping for the current survey. Select the action you want to perform on each new QuestionPro response from the first drop-down and click on Continue button. Create New: To create new contact in HubSpot. Update Existing: To update existing contact in HubSpot. Update if exists, else create new: To avoid duplicate contacts in HubSpot. In the next step, select the mapping type for the current survey from the first drop-down: Map a question: To map the answer code of the question to HubSpot field. Map a custom variable: To map custom variable value of the response to HubSpot field. Available custom variables are from custom3 to custom 255. Map a system variable: To map the system variable value to the HubSpot field. Available system variables are ResponseID, Timestamp, Device Data and Language. Map an answer value: To map the answer value of a question to the HubSpot field. Pull data: To pull existing data from HubSpot contact and use it within the survey. Note: The custom variables custom1 and custom2 are used to send response data to the corresponding records in HubSpot. To ensure the integration works as expected, please avoid using these variables in your survey logic or flow. Select the question/ variable from QuestionPro survey from second drop-down and select the HubSpot field from the third drop-down. Use the "+" and "-" buttons on the right side of each field mapping to add or delete new option respectively. Make sure you have provided mappings to all the required feilds then click on Continue button. Note: Please make sure to collect the responses for your survey from the Survey URL provided inside the mapping to send the data to your HubSpot object other wise the data will not be sent to your HubSpot account, it will remain in your QuestionPro account. After configuring the mappings you will be available with a list of mappings created for that survey. You can go through all the mappings for that survey by using the snapshot view by hovering over each mapping. You can click on the mapping or the Edit button on the snapshot view to edit that particular mapping. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Tableau integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/tableau-integration.html
Summary: Tableau Integration

Tableau Connector The Tableau Connector allows you to connect your QuestionPro survey directly to Tableau Desktop to create interactive dashboards and visualizations without the need for manual data exports. With this connector you can: Pull survey response data directly into Tableau. Choose whether to import all responses or only completed responses. Select your preferred answer display type. Refresh your data anytime within Tableau. Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to download video Prerequisites Before setting up the integration, ensure you have: An active QuestionPro account with license - Team Edition or above. An active Tableau Desktop license. Your QuestionPro API key and Survey ID. Knowledge of your QuestionPro data center (US, EU, CA, etc.). A stable internet connection to fetch data from QuestionPro. Permissions to install connectors on your system. How do I download the Tableau Connector TACO file? Log in to your QuestionPro account. Navigate to Integration tab. Click on Tableau integration tile. Click QuestionPro .taco file to download the file. Note : The QuestionPro .taco connector requires Tableau Desktop version 2019.4 or later. Installing the connector on Windows OS Download QuestionPro.taco. Open your file browser (File Explorer on Windows or Finder on macOS). Navigate to your Tableau My Tableau Repository: Windows: C:\Users\{YourUsername}\Documents\My Tableau Repository\Connectors macOS: /Users/{YourUsername}/Documents/My Tableau Repository/Connectors replace {YourUsername} with your actual username. If the Connectors folder doesn’t exist, create it manually. Move QuestionPro.taco into the Connectors folder. Relaunch Tableau — you’ll now see the QuestionPro Connector in the Connect pane. How do I connect my QuestionPro survey to Tableau? To connect your QuestionPro survey to Tableau, follow the steps below: Open Tableau and click on More option in the left navigation menu. From the apps menu, select QuestionPro Connector by QuestionPro. Select your Data Center (US, EU, CA, etc.). Enter your Survey ID and API Key. Then click Proceed. On the next screen, choose your import preference. Response Type: Choose All Responses (includes Completed + Started) or Completed Responses Only. Answer Display Type: Select answer code or answer text. Header (Question) Display Type: Select question text or question code. Then click Fetch Data. The import process will start and you'll see the success message after the import is completed. Troubleshooting Can’t connect to QuestionPro? Verify your API Key is correct. Ensure you have selected the correct Data Center (US, EU, CA, etc.). Confirm your internet connection is stable. If using a corporate network, check if a firewall or proxy is blocking Tableau from connecting to QuestionPro servers. Restart Tableau after making any configuration changes. Missing data fields? Ensure the survey has at least one response, empty surveys will return no data. Check if you selected the correct Answer Display Type (coded values vs full text). Verify you have chosen the correct Response Type (completed responses only vs all responses). If changes were made to the survey structure, refresh the Tableau extract to sync fields. Connector not appearing in Tableau? Confirm the .taco file is in the correct Connectors folder for your OS. Ensure you are running a Tableau version that supports custom connectors. Data refresh is slow Filter the data within Tableau to reduce the volume of records being loaded. Use Completed Responses Only if partial data is not required. Ensure your network speed meets Tableau’s recommended bandwidth for live data connections. I am not able to see my QuestionPro API key, how do I generate the API key? If you cannot see you QuestionPro API key on the Tabelau Connector screen then please click here to learn about generating the API key. I am not sure on which datacenter(DC) I am on, how do I find my datacenter? Datacenter can be found under My Account dropdown. Click here to know more. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## IVR integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/dialogtech-integration-ivr.html
Summary: QuestionPro - DialogTech Integrations

QuestionPro - DialogTech Integrations QuestionPro integrates with DialogTech to provide Interactive Voice Response (IVR) surveys. With the help of this integration, you can use DialogTech’s automated telephony system that interacts with respondents, collects their responses and passed the data back to your QuestionPro account. How to set up an IVR survey? In order to set up an IVR survey, you’ll need a DialogTech account. You can sign up for an account at: https://www.dialogtech.com/ Once you’re in your DialogTech account, you can set up an new IVR, add questions and answer options. For information on setting up IVR please refer: https://www.dialogtech.com/expertise/jumpstart/ivr-interactive-voice-response-jumpstart Webhook settings Once you have set up the IVR, you’ll need to add an webhook to be invoked once the IVR is submitted so that the data is passed to QuestionPro. In order to do so, go to Webhook Settings. Under webhooks settings you’ll need to set up a target URL. You can get the target URL by logging into your QuestionPro Account and going to Survey >> Integration >> IVR License This feature is available with the following license : Contact Sales Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Prolific Integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/Prolific-Integration.html
Summary: Prolific Integration

Prolific Integration QuestionPro integrates with Prolific, allowing researchers to recruit participants via Prolific and collect their responses in QuestionPro. Through this integration, participant identifiers are automatically captured, associated with the corresponding survey responses, and returned to Prolific once the survey is completed. How do I capture Prolific participant identifiers? Prolific automatically passes participant information to QuestionPro through URL parameters. To capture these, append the parameters to your Study URL in Prolific: In QuestionPro, create custom variables to store the values passed from Prolific. For example, map PROLIFIC_PID to custom1, STUDY_ID to custom2, and SESSION_ID to custom3. Add your QuestionPro survey URL as the study URL within Prolific. Append the parameters directly to your link. For example: https://www.questionpro.com/t/surveyURL?custom1={{%PROLIFIC_PID%}}&custom2={{%STUDY_ID%}}&custom3={{%SESSION_ID%}}. How do I store the participant identifiers from Prolific in the survey? Go to your survey, fetch the PROLIFIC_PID from the custom variable in the study link say custom1. This would prepopulate the prolific ID in the field. How to Redirect participants to the Completion URL at the end of your survey? After respondents complete the survey, they should be redirected back to Prolific so that their submission is recorded successfully. In your Prolific study settings, navigate to the Completion paths section and select Redirect URL. Copy the generated Completion URL. In QuestionPro, open your survey and navigate to Edit >> Settings >> Finish Options. Select Automatic Redirect. Paste the Prolific Completion URL and save your changes. How to redirect participants if there are multiple completion paths? If there are multiple completion paths, in the Finish Options, you can use Panel Integration feature to redirect participants to different URLs. For example, if a participants fails the attention check and the survey for them is terminated, you can add the attention check completion path in Terminates section. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Nvivo Integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/Nvivo.html
Summary: Nvivo Integration: It is a qualitative Data Analysis Software for Researchers. NVivo helps you discover more from your qualitative and mixed methods data. Uncover richer insights and produce clearly articulated, defensible findings backed by rigorous evidence.

Nvivo Integration What is Nvivo? It is a qualitative Data Analysis Software for Researchers. Nvivo helps you discover more from your qualitative and mixed methods data. Uncover richer insights and produce clearly articulated, defensible findings backed by rigorous evidence. How to integrate QuestionPro Survey with Nvivo software for statics/analysis?? Please follow the steps below to connect your QuestionPro survey to Nvivo: Step 1: Go to: Survey >> Analytics >> Dashboard >> Datapad. You can create a new datapad or use an existing one. Then copy the link and download the excel file. Step 2:: Now go to Nvivo software: Import >> Survey >> Excel >> Import QuestionPro Excel Datapad file Step 3:: Once the Import is completed you can see all the QuestionPro responses on Nvivo and you can then do the analysis accordingly. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition

---

## Power BI Integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/powerbi-integration.html
Summary: Power BI Integration

[BETA] Power BI Connector The Power BI Connector allows you to connect your QuestionPro survey directly to Power BI Desktop to create interactive dashboards and visualizations without the need for manual data exports. With this connector you can: Pull survey response data directly into Power BI. Choose whether to import all responses or only completed responses. Select your preferred header display type. Select your preferred answer display type. Refresh your data anytime within Power BI. Prerequisites Before setting up the integration, ensure you have: An active QuestionPro account with license - Research Edition. An active Power BI Desktop license. Your QuestionPro API key and Survey ID. Knowledge of your QuestionPro data center (US, EU, CA, etc.). A stable internet connection to fetch data from QuestionPro. Permissions to install connectors on your system. How do I download the Power BI Connector MEZ file? Log in to your QuestionPro account. Navigate to Integration tab. Click on Power BI integration tile. Click QuestionPro.mez file to download the file. Note : The QuestionPro.mez connector requires Power BI Desktop version 2024 or later (2.128.xxxx.0 or later). Installing the connector on your device Download QuestionPro.mez. Open your file explorer on Windows. Navigate to your Power BI folder: C:\Users\{YourUsername}\Documents\Power BI Desktop\Custom Connectors. Replace {YourUsername} with your actual username. If the Custom connectors folder doesn’t exist, create it manually. Move QuestionPro.mez into the Custom connectors folder. Relaunch Power BI — you’ll now see the QuestionPro Connector in the Connect pane. How do I connect my QuestionPro survey to Power BI? To connect your QuestionPro survey to Power BI, follow the steps below: Open Power BI and click on Get data from other sources. Search for QuestionPro, select the connector and then click on Connect. Enter your Data Center (US, EU, CA, etc.). Enter your Survey ID. Choose Response Type. Enter 0 for Completed responses only. Enter 1 for All responses (includes Completed + Started). Choose Answer Format. Enter 0 for answer code format. Enter 1 for answer text format. Choose Header (Question) Format. Enter 0 for question code format. Enter 1 for question text format. Then click OK. Enter your API key to proceed. The import process will start and you'll see an option to load data. Click on Load data to import data into Power BI. Troubleshooting Can’t connect to QuestionPro? Verify your API Key is correct. Ensure you have selected the correct Data Center (US, EU, CA, etc.). Confirm your internet connection is stable. If using a corporate network, check if a firewall or proxy is blocking Power BI from connecting to QuestionPro servers. Restart Power BI after making any configuration changes. Missing data fields? Ensure the survey has at least one response, empty surveys will return no data. Check if you selected the correct Answer Display Type (coded values vs full text). Verify you have chosen the correct Response Type (completed responses only vs all responses). If changes were made to the survey structure, refresh the Power BI extract to sync fields. Connector not appearing in Power BI? Confirm the QuestionPro.mez file is in the correct Custom connectors folder for your OS. Ensure you are running a Power BI version that supports custom connectors. Data refresh is slow Filter the data within Power BI to reduce the volume of records being loaded. Use Completed Responses Only if partial data is not required. Ensure your network speed meets Power BI’s recommended bandwidth for live data connections. I am not able to see my QuestionPro API key, how do I generate the API key? If you cannot see you QuestionPro API key on the Power BI Connector screen then please click here to learn about generating the API key. I am not sure on which datacenter(DC) I am on, how do I find my datacenter? Datacenter can be found under My Account dropdown. Click here to know more. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Generate API key
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/generate-api-key.html
Summary: How to generate API key for QuestionPro Surveys platform?

How to generate API key for QuestionPro Surveys platform? The API key generated by the following proccess will allow you to authenticate all the API calls listed on the Surveys API documentation Click to download video To get your API key from your QuestionPro account, please follow the steps below: Go to: Login » Surveys » Integration » API Click on Get API Key button and the key will be generated. Copy the API Key and use while callling the QuestionPro API. Note: API key is account specific and will be unique for each QuestionPro account. Can I deactivate my API Key? Yes, QuestionPro Surveys platform do allow you to update the status of your API Key with the following process: Click to download video To update the status of your API key from your QuestionPro account, please follow the steps below: Go to: Login » Surveys » Integration » API Click on Inactive toggle and the API key will be marked as Inactive. Once the API key is marked as Inactive all the API calls executed with the Inactive API key will get the following error: Note:The API calls made with the Inactive API key will not be included in your API consumption. Can I regenerate my API Key? Yes, QuestionPro Surveys platform do allow you to regenarate the API Key with the following process: Click to download video To regenrate your API key from your QuestionPro account, please follow the steps below: Go to: Login » Surveys » Integration » API Click on Regenerate button. On the pop-up, confirm the regenration by clicking the Regenerate API Key button and a new API key will be generated. Copy the new API Key and use while callling the QuestionPro APIs. Note: API key is account specific and will be unique for each QuestionPro account. Where can I access the latest API documentation? Link Copied To access the latest API docuementation please click here. Are there any limit to the number of API calls a user can perform? Link Copied Yes, QuestionPro provides free API calls with the subscription. Following table displays the free API calls limit for each license: Licence No. of API calls Advanced 5,000 Team Edition 10,000 Research Edition 20,000 Communities 20,000 Customer Experience 20,000 Workforce 20,000 University Site License 10,000 University Research Edition 20,000 You get 500 free API calls with each trial licence. The API calls listed above will be available during the subscription duration. What happens if I surpass the free API calls limit? It's important to be aware that once you have reached the free API limits provided with your subscription, the APIs will no longer be accessible. Any API calls made after the limit is exhausted will result in a 429 Too Many Requests HTTP status. To continue using the APIs, please get in touch with your account representative to explore purchasing additional API calls for your subscription. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Real time post
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/xml-api-real-time-post.html
Summary: Real-Time Post

Real-Time Post The Real Time Post integration allows you to send the survey data to a pre-determined URL in real time. The data will be posted in XML format. What elements of the survey data are available via the XML format? The XML Export data contains 2 general sections: The survey structure (Survey->Questions->Answers). The complete response of the respondent. How to set up XML API Real-Time Post? You can configure the XML API to send (POST) information in real-time to any URL of your choice. To set up the Real-Time Post for your survey please follow the steps below: Go To: Login >> Survey >> Integration. Click on the Real Time Post integration Switch the HTTP/XML Post toggle ON. Paste your URL under Post URL and click on Save Changes. The integration is set up. Now whenever the respondent completes this survey the data will be automatically posted to the URL specified in XML format. Can I test the integration and view the data which will be posted before deploying the survey to respondents? Yes. You can debug the process of Real Time Post integration before deploying the survey. To enable the debugging process please follow the steps below: Go to Survey >> Integrtion >> Real Time Post. Switch the Debug toggle ON and click on Save Changes. Then go to Survey >> Edit >> Finish Options. Select Thank You Page with Link option from the finish options drop-down menu and click on Save Changes Now, whenever you answer the survey you can see the data sent to the URL specified in the integration, on the Thank You page. Note : Please make sure to switch the Debug toggle OFF if you don't want to display the URL and XML data to the respondents before deploying the survey. Are the Question ID's and Answer ID's Unique? Yes. They are unique for your survey. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Zapier integration
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/zapier-app.html
Summary: QuestionPro Zapier App

QuestionPro Zapier App What is Zapier Zapier is an online automation tool that connects your favorite apps, such as Gmail, Slack, Mailchimp, and more. You can connect two or more apps to automate repetitive tasks without coding or relying on developers to build the integration. The QuestionPro App on Zapier allows you to instantly connect QuestionPro with 2,000+ apps to automate your work and find productivity super powers. How to use QuestionPro app on Zapier? Log In to your Zapier account Click on Make a Zap! Select QuestionPro as your Trigger App and New Response as the trigger and click on Continue Connect your QuestionPro account to zapier by clicking on Connect an Account button In the new window enter your QuestionPro account's API Key and click on Yes, Continue Click here to Get API Key for your Account Select your QuestionPro account and click on Save + Continue Select the survey from your QuestionPro account whose responses you want to gather for that zap and click on Continue Zapier will pull some pre-recorded responses (samples) from the survey selected in previous window. Check the response and click on Continue Choose any Action app for your zap where you want to send the responses Let's take an example of Google Sheets as an Action app. Select the action you want to perform on your Google sheet and click on Save + Continue Connect your Google account to access the sheets by clicking on Connect an Account and then click on Save + Continue Select the Spreadsheet and Worksheet, which will load the column headers present in your sheet. Now map the data which will be loaded from the response in the column headers and click on Continue Finally, enter the name for your zap and switch the toggle ON which will activate your zap Actions You can also use QuestionPro as an action app on Zapier which will perform the available actions on the data fetched from the trigger apps. We have the following Actions on Zapier: Create Contact: With the help of this action you can fetch the contact details from any trigger app and create an email contact in the specified email list in your QuestionPro account. Send Survey: With the help of this action you can fetch the email address of the respondent from any trigger app and deploy a survey to that email address from your QuestionPro account. Note: Zapier uses your QuestionPro account's API calls to collect data, hence API calls will be recorded under your account's usage. Zapier Templates License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Webhook
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/webhook.html
Summary: What is Webhook?

What is Webhook? A webhook in web development is a method of augmenting or altering the behavior of a web application, with custom callbacks. These callbacks may be maintained, modified, and managed by third-party users and developers who may not necessarily be affiliated with the originating application. QuestionPro supports both incoming and outgoing webhooks. Webhooks can be invoked before the survey starts, during the survey (before or after a question) or after the survey is completed. What are incoming webhooks? Incoming Webhooks are a simple way to fetch the data from external sources into your survey. What are outgoing webhooks? Outgoing webhooks can be used to send survey data to an external source. They make use of normal HTTP requests with a JSON payload. How to set up webhooks? To create a webhook: Go to: Survey >> Integrations >> Webhooks Click on the Add New Webhook button. Enter a description for your webhook Select the required type (incoming / outgoing) Choose when the webhook should be invoked. Click on Save Changes Once the webhook has been added, you’ll need to provide the data required to make the API call: API URL: The endpoint URL for making an API call. Method: The HTTP method used for making the call. Request Header: HTTP header fields which are components of the header section of the request Request JSON: Payload data required by the API. You can also use the Insert Response button to insert the response in the Request JSON. Once you fill in the above details, click on the Save button. How to use retrieved data from an incoming webhook? You can save the data retrieved from the external resource by mapping it to custom variables. To open up the mapping dialog box click on Add Custom Mapping buton: You can map the data to custom variables by assigning individual JSON keys to specific custom variables. You can also assign a relevant name to the custom variables: Once the mapping is set, the collected data can be displayed in the survey using the following code: ${DisplayName} How to provide data for an outgoing webhook? In case of outgoing webhooks you can send the data collected in custom variables to an external web service by adding the custom variables on the Request JSON: Data Replacement Variables To fetch the Custom Variables data you can use the following tags for the corresponding Custom Variables in the request JSON: Custom Variable 1: ${custom1} Custom Variable 2: ${custom2} Custom Variable 3: ${custom3} Custom Variable 4: ${custom4} Custom Variable 5: ${custom5} Custom Variable N: ${customN} How would I know whether the Webhook was executed successfully or failed? QuestionPro provides logs facility for each webhook where you can check the API details which was called by that webhook along with the payload and the response from the endpoint. To access the logs go to a particular webhook and scroll to the bottom of the page where you can view the requests made by that webhook and on clicking on the ID you can check the details of any specific call. Also, if some outgoing calls failed to push the data, a Manual Retry button will be available in front of that API calls on which you can click anytime to push the data back to the API endpoint. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Webhooks
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/webhooks-v2.html
Summary: What is Webhook?

Webhooks What is a Webhook? A webhook in web development is a method of augmenting or altering the behavior of a web application with custom callbacks. These callbacks may be maintained and managed by third-party users and developers who may not necessarily be affiliated with the originating application. QuestionPro supports both incoming and outgoing webhooks. Webhooks can be invoked before the survey starts, during the survey (before or after a question), or after the survey is completed. Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to download the video What are incoming webhooks? Incoming Webhooks are a simple way to fetch the data from external sources into your survey. What are outgoing webhooks? Outgoing webhooks can be used to send survey data to an external source. They use standard HTTP requests with a JSON payload. How to set up webhooks? To create a webhook: Choose the survey you want to setup the webhook for. Go to: Integrations >> Webhooks Click on the Add New Webhook button. Enter a description for your webhook and click on the Create Webhook button. Once you are in the configuration page, choose when the webhook should be invoked by selecting the trigger event. A webhook can be invoked before the survey, after a question, after a page in the survey, after the save and continue button in the survey, and after the survey. Note: For the 'After Question' trigger event, the webhook triggers at the end of the survey, although sending only data captured up to that question and not the full response. If you require the webhook to be triggered immediately 'After question', you must manually add a page break after the question. If you choose to trigger the webhook after the survey, you can also configure the conditions based on which the webhook should be triggered. Configure the conditions (if any) and click Next. After choosing the trigger condition, provide the data required for the API call: Method: The HTTP method used for making the call. API URL: The endpoint URL for making an API call. Authorization type: Choose the authorization type and add credentials if required. You can also choose to add the credentials either to the header or parameters as required by the external source. Request Header: HTTP header fields which are components of the header section of the request. Request JSON: Payload data required by the API. You can also use the Insert Response button to insert the response in the Request JSON. Once you fill in the above details, click on the Test Run button to check if you are getting the desired output. If not, please retry after modifying the API request data. Once you are satisfied with the output, click Next. The Data Mapping step is primarily required for incoming webhooks. You can save the data retrieved from the external source by mapping it to variables. Please note that these variables are different from the custom variables that are stored with the respondent's response. If you don't want to map data to the variables you can proceed and click Save. You can map the data to variables by assigning individual JSON keys to specific variables. You can add and delete the variables as and when needed. Once the mapping is set, the collected data can be displayed in the survey using the following code: ${code}. Finally, once you want your webhook live, enable the toggle to make the webhook active. How to provide data for an outgoing webhook? In case of outgoing webhooks you can send the data collected in custom variables to an external web service by adding the custom variables on the Request JSON. Data Replacement Variables To fetch the Custom Variable data, you can use the following tags for the corresponding Custom Variables in the request JSON: Custom Variable 1: ${custom1} Custom Variable 2: ${custom2} Custom Variable 3: ${custom3} Custom Variable 4: ${custom4} Custom Variable 5: ${custom5} Custom Variable N: ${customN} How would I know whether the Webhook was executed successfully or failed? QuestionPro provides a logging facility for each webhook where you can check the API details called by that webhook along with the payload and the response from the endpoint. To access the logs, go to a particular webhook and click on Logs, where you can view the requests made by that webhook and on clicking on the ID you can check the details of any specific call. Also, if the outgoing call failed to push the data for an After Survey event, a Manual Retry button will be available next to any failed API calls, which you can click at any time to resend the data to the API endpoint. You can also select multiple webhooks and retry in bulk. Other trigger events are not supported for retry mechanism. Are the conditions supported on all trigger events? No. Currently conditions are only supported for After Survey event. What are the question types supported under conditions? We currently support Select one, Select many, Drop-down menu, and Single row text. How can I display the variable data within the survey? If you want to display the value of a variable like ${customN} in the survey, you can easily use ${code}. Alternatively you can add the same survey-level custom variable mapping that you configured in the data mapping section of the webhook or add a page break before that question. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Qualtrics Import Tool - API
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/qualtrics-import-tool-api.html
Summary: Qualtrics Import Tool - API

Qualtrics Import Tool - API Qualtrics Import Tool is built by QuestionPro to facilitate the ease of migration from Qualtrics to QuestionPro. This tool allows you to migrate all your surveys along with the collected responses from Qualtrics to QuestionPro using Qualtrics API. Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to download video How can I import Qualtrics surveys in QuestionPro? For migrating your surveys from Qualtrics to QuestionPro, please follow the steps below: Login to your QuestionPro account. Navigate to My Account dropdown and click on the Migration Center option Click on the Qualtrics Import Tool tile Click on the API tab On this screen, click on the Import Surveys button. On the pop-up, enter your Qualtrics API key and datacenter ID. Then click on the Next button. Our system will fetch all the surveys from Qualtrics and display the list in the pop-up. Select the surveys you want to import by using the checkboxes. The selected surveys will be displayed on the right section of the pop-up. After selecting a survey, you'll find a dropdown menu at the bottom-right of the pop-up which will allow you to enable or disable response import for all the selected surveys. You can also choose whether to import logic using a toggle. Additionally, you can select the destination folder for the surveys using the dropdown in the top-right corner of the pop-up. Once you've made your selections, click the Import button to proceed. The import process will be started and you'll be notified via email after the process completion. Note: Make sure you have the required API call limit on your Qualtrics subscription. How can I check the list of surveys imported? To check the list of surveys imported in a specific batch, click on the count of surveys displayed near the batch. The pop-up will open up displaying the list of the surveys along with the status of survey and responses import. You can click on the survey name to preview the survey or after hovering on the survey name, click on the Open in Workspace icon to open and edit the survey. How can I check the logs of the imported batch? To view the detailed logs for the process, click on the View Logs option after hovering over the import batch. The logs will appear in the pop-up. Here you can also select to view logs for a specific survey by selecting the survey from the dropdown menu. Can I use OAuth instead of API key/token to import the surveys? Yes, you can use OAuth instead of API key/token to import the surveys. To switch the authentication to OAuth, click on the dropdown for Select Authentication Type and choose OAuth as the authentication type. For OAuth, you'll need to provide client ID, client secret, and the datacenter ID. Then hit the next button and the rest of the process is the same as mentioned above. Can I import survey logics from Qualtrics? Yes, you can now import survey logics from Qualtrics by just turning ON the toggle at the bottom right, Import Logic during the import process. Following are the supported logics for this feature: Skip logic Custom Validation Display Logic - Questions (Show/Hide Question) Display Logic - Answers (Show/Hide Options) Scoring Logic Unsupported Question Types for Qualtrics Import Tool File Upload Highlight (Speciality Question) Drill Down (Speciality Question) Timing (Advanced) Meta Info Question (Advanced) Screen Capture (Advanced) Side-by-Side Matrix HeatMap Hotspot Card Sorting Matrix Table: Dropdown list Conjoint and MaxDiff FAQs How many surveys I can import at a time? You can import maximum 50 surveys at a time in a single batch. The questions in the survey which I upload in QuestionPro does not follow the order present in Qualtrics, what should I do? You can simply re-order the questions and achieve the desired order of the questions in a survey. To know more about reordering the questions Click Here My survey in Qualtrics has Compund Branch logic applied on few blocks, will this tool import it or it will give me an error? The survey will be imported in your QuestionPro account but the Compound branch logic will not be applied on the survey. QuestionPro does not import Compund Branch logic present in the Qualtrics survey. However you can apply the logic on your survey after importing it. While importing the survey responses via this integration, does QuestionPro import custom fields as well? When the responses are imported via using the Qualtrics data import tool, QuestionPro imports the basic response metadata fields in addition to the question's answers. The basic response metadata fields are startDate, endDate, ipAddress, finished, recipientEmail, userLanguage, duration, locationLatitude, and locationLongitude. Except for the given metadata fields, QuestionPro does not import any other fields. What will be the subject line of the email which will be sent after process completion? Following is the example of the email which will be sent to the email address added on your account: If a question is skipped during import due to being unsupported or an error, how can we add the data for that question? If a question is skipped during survey import, the response data for that question cannot be imported as it cannot be linked to a corresponding question. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Teams
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/business-units.html
Summary: Business Units/Teams

Teams Every organization, big or small, has teams or business units. Adding your users under an appropriate team helps a lot with management. For example, if you have a sales team and a product team, you can add them as separate teams and assign the users to the respective team. This will help in restricting the scope of sharing within a team. How to add teams? To add teams under your QuestionPro organization, go to: Login » Organization » Teams Click on the Add New Team button. Enter your team name and click on the Add button. The team will be added to your organization. How to add users to a team? You can assign teams to the existing users as well as new users. To assign a team to the existing user follow the steps below: Go to: Login » Organization » Users Click on the Edit icon for the user In the pop-up, select the team and click on the Save Changes button. To assign a team to the new users, select the team for the users while adding them to your QuestionPro organization: License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Add Users
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multi-user-account-pricing.html
Summary: Global multi-user accounts - pricing overview

Global multi-user accounts - Add Users For organizations that require multiple users to administer surveys for the company or departments, we provide Global Multi-User Accounts. To these organizations, we provide the Sub-Account(s). What are the benefits of having a Multi-User Account? All tools/features that are available with the main account are also available with the Sub-Account(s). Surveys or Reports can be shared between the Main Administrator Account and the Sub-Accounts. Sub-Account holders can create/run surveys independently from their accounts. How to add users? To add a new user, go to: Login » Organization tab » Add Users You can set up a separate account with no sharing or a shared account where folders are shared. Once you fill in all the details, click on Purchase. Note: A new invoice will be generated in your account. All accounts are on recurring billing. You can cancel anytime. Is this a completely secure solution? For every survey (and survey result), you can control whether it is "Shared" or not. By default, none of your surveys are shared. If you want others in your company to use your surveys (or see the results of your survey), you will have to manually turn on sharing of your surveys and results. What is global preference? For every survey, you can manually select the settings. You can also select these settings once in global preferences for the organization and this will impact all surveys under one organization. What are the different settings I can enable globally? Organization Name Global Header Global Footer SMTP Relay Validation Separator Page Break How does this setting help? This is a better way to apply settings to all users as well as their sub-account users' surveys under the same organization. In this organization level setting, once you select a global preference, it is automatically added for all remaining questions and surveys. This helps save time and avoid changing settings manually and individually. How does the header / footer setting work? These are some default settings that you can enable for your organization. For instance, you may want to apply header / footer or both to all surveys by default. In this case all you need to do is type the text in header/footer in Global Preferences, so that each new survey will show these settings by default. How does the validation setting work? This is another default setting that you can enable for your organization. For instance, you may want to mark all the questions in all surveys mandatory and not have to manually do it every time you add a question. In this case, all you need to do is enable the validation required in Global Preferences so that every new question will enable these settings by default. How does the page break setting work? You may want to apply page break to all the questions by default and not have to do it one at a time when you add the question. In this case all you need to do is enable the page break in Global Preferences so that every new question will apply these settings by default. How does the separator setting work? With Global Preferences, you can add a separator to all questions. This reduces the time and effort to have to do it separately, every time. Note: Changes to validation, page break, and separator will not apply to already added questions. These apply only for new questions. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Single user license
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/single-user-license.html
Summary: Support Request Email Address : Single User License

Support Request Email Address: Single User License Can multiple users request support under the same account? For security and privacy reasons, we will only accept support requests from the email address specified in the account, under the My Account tab. Pursuant to our Privacy and Security policy, we will not accept support requests or respond to any email address other than the one specified for your account. It is a violation of our Terms of Service to share your password with multiple users and have multiple users logging into your account. Violation of our Terms of Service may result in the immediate termination of your license. What about multiple users? I'd like to have more than one person access to creating and distributing surveys for my company. By default, all the licenses are Single User Only. Sharing usernames and passwords is a violation of the single-seat license. If you need a multiple user license: Multi-User License Option is available with Team Edition and above licenses. All the tools/options, as well as data/survey sharing between accounts, are available. Advantages include the ability to copy and share surveys between accounts, share results, as well as a unified billing process. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## License restrictions
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/license-restrictions.html
Summary: License Restrictions

License Restrictions What does the "Lock" icon mean? Certain features are only available with our paid Licenses. If your current license does not have access to a particular feature then the lock icon is displayed. How can I get access to a particular feature? Please upgrade to the appropriate license that includes the feature you are interested. To upgrade your account , please goto : Login » Surveys » My Account (Top Right Corner) » Upgrade Account Compare the list of features with each license and upgrade your account or contact our sales team for any assistance. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Upgrade account
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/payments-using-credit-card.html
Summary: Upgrade Account / Making Payments using Credit Card - How to? 

Upgrade Account / Making Payments using Credit Card - How to? Note: We accept all major Credit Cards. All pricing and costs are in US dollars. We offer a 15% discount for Annual Pre-Payments (Included in the fee). How do I upgrade my Account? All the account information and upgrade options are available under my account. To upgrade your account: Go To: Login » Surveys » My Account (Top Right Corner) Click on the upgrade account Here, select the license level and click on buy now. Enter the credit card details. Click on the confirm button to upgrade the account. My credit card is not being accepted. When you enter the credit card number make sure that you do not enter hyphens or spaces. Make sure the credit card is valid and the expiry date is correct. How can I get an Invoice? Every time your credit card is charged, you should receive a Billing Confirmation email at the account email address. An invoice is also created and instantly available in your account. To know more click on the invoices/receipts link below. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Cancel account
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/canceling-account.html
Summary: Cancel Account - How to?

Cancel Account - How to? How can I cancel my account? You can cancel your account under the My Account section. Go to: Login » My Account (Top Right Corner) Click on My Account option in the drop-down. Under My Account, scroll down to the bottom of the page and you will see the Cancel Account section. Click on Cancel My Account. On the pop-up, please select the reason why you are cancelling the account, then click on I understand that by cancelling my master account, all other accounts associated with this account will be automatically removed. If you would like to retain your surveys and data, click on Retain all surveys and data » Cancel Account Upon successful cancellation, you’ll receive an email from us which has a confirmation code. Please note down this confirmation code as this is required for any disputes regarding cancellation. Please note: QuestionPro support team cannot and will not cancel the account for you due to legal and security issues. Important things to remember All surveys and data will get deleted automatically unless you choose to retain all surveys and data Please download all data before canceling the account. Please download your invoices before canceling your account. When I log in I get a message that the account is blocked/deactivated. How can I cancel? If you log in and receive a message regarding the account being blocked, you should see the Cancel/Delete Account link on the left. You can cancel your account by clicking on this link. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Integration privacy policy
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/integration-privacy-policy.html
Summary: Third-Party Service Integration

Third-Party Service Integration Third-Party Service Integration To use QuestionPro Integrations, we need to store credentials for third-party services (Google, Facebook, etc). We store credentials encrypted in our database. They are only used to access data you tell us to. We log certain non-identifiable information to provide support and fix problems. We do not use data obtained through Google Workspace APIs to develop, improve, or train generalized AI and/or machine learning models. Our Service allows you to integrate and create commands for various online third-party services. In order to take advantage of this feature, you may need to authenticate, register for or log into Third-Party Services through the Service or on the websites of their respective providers. When you enable linking between or log in to Third-Party Services through the Service, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable the Service to access that Third-Party Service and your data and content contained within that Third-Party Service ("Login Credentials"). We store your Login Credentials long enough to enable linking to the Third-Party Service. When you enable the Service to link content and data between Third-Party Services, the Third-Party Services will provide us with access to certain information that you may have provided to the Third-Party Services, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the rules you set to govern the linking. However, please remember that the manner in which Third-Party Services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of such Third-Party Services, and QuestionPro shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Third-Party Services that may be enabled within the Service. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## SAS 70 Type II Security
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/sas-70-yype-ii-security.html
Summary: SOC 2 Security

SOC 2 Security SOC 2 is an enhancement to the current standard for reporting on controls at a service organization - SAS70. QuestionPro's co-location facility at Seattle has completed its SOC 2 audit report. This audit, by an independent accounting firm, signifies that QuestionPro’s data center security and operational procedures have been reviewed and tested to validate that controls and processes have been suitably designed, are operating effectively, and they protect and safeguard customers’ equipment and data. Why is SOC 2 certification important? Customers that select QuestionPro as their service provider can be confident that they are entrusting their business to a partner that employs the highest standards of performance in the following areas: Security: Only authorized QuestionPro employees are granted access to the data center. Service availability: Redundant HVAC and UPS systems ensure that mechanical and electrical failures will not result in an outage. Reliability: Critical facility systems (i.e. smoke detection, cooling, and power) are continuously monitored as well as inspected and serviced regularly to ensure effective operation. Route-Optimized internet connectivity - QuestionPro's Performance IPTM Internet connectivity is the single most important factor in keeping online connections performing optimally. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Security
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/security.html
Summary: Security 

Security Introduction This document outlines the updated security measures and protocols in place at QuestionPro. Our commitment to safeguarding data and ensuring the integrity of our systems is paramount. This document includes recent enhancements to our security infrastructure, including the integration of Cloudflare's Web Application Firewall (WAF), advanced network firewall strategies, and the utilization of VPNs for secure remote access. QuestionPro - Cloudflare WAF Integration Cloudflare's WAF is a cutting-edge, cloud-based solution that provides robust protection against a variety of cyber threats targeting web applications, APIs, and websites. Advantages: Enhanced Security: Offers robust defense against common vulnerabilities like SQL injection and XSS attacks. DDoS Protection: Effectively mitigates the risks of DDoS attacks. Performance Optimization: Improves website performance through global caching and optimization strategies. Seamless Integration: Easily integrates with existing infrastructures, eliminating the need for physical hardware. Network Firewalls Overview: Network centralized hardware firewalls serve as a primary defense mechanism against external threats, monitoring and controlling the flow of data in and out of the network based on pre-established security rules. In the evolving digital landscape, securing systems against external threats is crucial. Traditional firewalls have been effective since the 1980s, but Next-Generation Firewalls (NGFWs) blend traditional and modern technologies for optimal digital protection. Top 5 Firewall Benefits: Monitors Network Traffic: Effectively analyzes incoming and outgoing data to prevent threats. Empowers IT teams to manage protection levels based on observed network activity. Stops Virus Attacks: Controls system entry points to thwart virus attacks. Mitigates potential immeasurable damage caused by rapidly evolving threats. Prevents Hacking: Crucial defense against unauthorized access to data, emails, and systems. Deters hackers or stops them entirely, safeguarding against data theft. Stops Spyware: Blocks spyware and malware infiltration into complex systems. Acts as a vital blockade against unauthorized access and data theft. Promotes Privacy: Proactively protects data, fostering trust with customers. Enhances competitiveness by showcasing robust data protection as a selling point. Network Firewall Advantages for Enhanced Security: Our network security with Next-Generation Firewalls (NGFWs) with numerous benefits: Versatility: Real-time upgrades provide flexibility and adaptability. Centralized deployment facilitates quick adjustments to changing threat landscapes. Intelligent Port Control: Multi-layered protection surpasses traditional single-layer port approaches. Application-level security ensures better control, transparency, and data management. Simple Infrastructure: Streamlined infrastructure allows easy deployment of policies from one device. Transparent controls grant flexibility in managing network access. Updated Threat Protection: Integrated security measures (firewall, antivirus, ransomware protection, intrusion detection) enhance cooperation and simplify management. Deep packet inspection (DPI) provides a more informed decision-making process for data flow. Consistent Network Speed: NGFWs maintain high throughput without compromising security. Protect systems without sacrificing operational speed. VPN (Virtual Private Network) Usage Description: VPNs extend a private network across a public network, allowing secure data transmission as if the devices were directly connected to the private network. Key features: Secure Remote Access: Ensures secure access to corporate resources from any location. Data Encryption: Provides robust encryption for secure data communication. Privacy and Anonymity: Maintains user privacy and anonymity online. Geographical Freedom: Enables access to regionally restricted content and services. Understanding the advantages and potential drawbacks of Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) is crucial for informed decision-making within your organization. Despite some limitations, the benefits of using a VPN can significantly enhance your business's security profile. Pros of VPN: Secure Your Network: Effectively safeguards network integrity by preventing unauthorized access. Protects transmitted data, ensuring security and anonymity. Hide Your Private Information: High-level security, such as 256-bit encryption, conceals sensitive information. Mitigates the risk of hackers intercepting and misusing personal data. Prevent Data Throttling: Avoids service slowdowns imposed by internet service providers (ISPs) after data consumption. Conceals data usage, especially beneficial for mobile use and remote work. Avoid Bandwidth Throttling: Encrypts mobile traffic, preventing ISPs from intentionally slowing down internet speed. Enhances privacy by masking visited websites, reducing the likelihood of throttling. Get Access to Geo-blocked Services: Acquire a different IP address, enabling access to restricted content based on location. Facilitates unrestricted use of online services and information. Network Scalability: Cost-effective solution for expanding network access to multiple employees and remote workers. Enables running key applications in a secure cloud environment through the VPN tunnel. Reduce Support Costs: Shifts maintenance, performance checks, and security responsibilities to the VPN service provider. Offers potential cost savings by leveraging the service provider's infrastructure management expertise. Site-to-Site VPN Overview: A site-to-site Virtual Private Network (VPN) establishes a secure and encrypted connection between VPN gateways situated at different locations. This VPN tunnel encrypts data at its source, sends it over the public Internet, and decrypts it at the destination site before routing it to its final destination. Benefits of Site-to-Site VPN: Secure Connectivity: Encrypts all traffic passing through the site-to-site VPN, ensuring the protection of business data against eavesdropping and unauthorized modification during transmission over the public Internet. Simplified Network Architecture: Facilitates the use of internal IP address ranges for devices within LANs. Eliminates the need to convert internal addresses to external ones for public Internet accessibility, maintaining the "internal" status of traffic between LANs. Access Control: Streamlines access control by treating site-to-site VPN users as "internal" users. Simplifies rule definition, allowing for easier management of network resources, particularly those restricted to internal access only. External users are inherently blocked from accessing these resources. External References Privacy Policy Terms of Use Browser Requirements Performance Metrics Data Centers Data Retention Policy License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## GDPR - Right to be Forgotten
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/gdpr-right-to-be-forgotten.html
Summary: GDPR - Right to be Forgotten

GDPR - Right to be Forgotten GDPR calls for allowing citizens and users to be able to request deletion for all the data collected on a user. When users click on privacy and data protection, they can request that their data - on an individual response level be deleted. They can also delete all survey responses. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## OneLogin- Survey Authentication SAML SSO
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/onelogin-survey-sso.html
Summary: OneLogin- Survey Authentication SAML SSO

OneLogin- Survey Authentication SAML SSO Survey authentication SAML SSO is SP initiated single sign on, which will redirect the respondent to the IDP's login page before answering the survey. If the respondent is authenticated by IDP then and only then he/ she is able to answer the survey. How to set up Survey Authentication SSO using OneLogin as IDP? While setting up the SSO login authentication using OneLogin as IDP you have to upload the OneLogin metadata URL which contains a Single Sign On URL into you QuestionPro account under User Profile>>My Account>>SSO Authentication>>SAML (Signed). As you click Save Changes button the SSO URL is fetched by the tool and populated in the "Single Sign On URL" input field. This URL is used to redirect the respondent to the IDP for authentication when he/ she tries to answer the survey. After the above set up you'll get a new survey authentication option under Survey >> Settings >> Security named as "(Organization Name) SAML". Select this option and click on Save Changes. I have already done the set up for SSO login authentication SAML using OneLogin as IDP, how can I use it for survey authentication? For the existing SAML SSO login authentication set up, you'll need to copy the SSO URL from your OneLogin app and paste it in the Single Sign On URL input field and click on Save Changes. To get the SSO URL from OneLogin follow the steps below: Go to the existing application in your OneLogin account then click on Sign On tab. Here you can see SAML 2.0 Endpoint (HTTP) URl, copy this URL and paste it under "SIngle Sign On URL" and click on Save Changes. How do I pass additional user data from OneLogin to QuestionPro survey response? You can pass the additional user data from OneLogin to QuestionPro survey response by passing them as attributes in the XML Assertion. While setting up the application in OneLogin you can define the attributes under Parameters tab. Here you can provide any name to the attribute and select the value from the drop-down menu. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Okta- Survey Authentication SAML SSO
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/okta-survey-sso.html
Summary: Okta- Survey Authentication SAML SSO

Okta- Survey Authentication SAML SSO Survey authentication SAML SSO is SP initiated single sign on, which will redirect the respondent to the IDP's login page before answering the survey. If the respondent is authenticated by IDP then and only then he/ she is able to answer the survey. How to set up Survey Authentication SSO using Okta as IDP? While setting up the SSO login authentication using Okta as IDP, when you upload the metadata file it contains a Single Sign On URL which is fetched by the tool and populated in the "Single Sign On URL" input field. This URL is used to redirect the respondent to the IDP for authentication when they try to answer the survey. After the above set up you'll get a new survey authentication option under Survey >> Settings >> Security named as "(Organization Name) SAML". Select this option and click on Save Changes. I have already done the set up for SSO login authentication SAML using Okta as IDP, how can I use it for survey authentication? For the existing SAML SSO login authentication set up, you'll need to copy the SSO URL from Okta and paste it in the Single Sign On URL input field and click on Save Changes. To get the SSO URL from Okta follow the steps below: Go to the existing application in your Okta account then under the Sign On tab Copy Metadata URL. How do I pass additional user data from Okta to QuestionPro survey response? You can pass the additional user data from Okta to QuestionPro survey response by passing them as attributes in the XML Assertion. While setting up the application in Okta you can define the attributes under Configure SAML tab. Here you can provide any name to the attribute and select the value from the drop-down menu. QuestionPro SAML app on Okta <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## ADFS- SSO setup with QuestionPro
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/adfs-sso-setup.html
Summary: Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS) sso setup with QuestionPro

ADFS- SSO setup with QuestionPro What is ADFS? Active Directory Federation Service (ADFS) is a Microsoft software component that provides Single Sign-On (SSO) authorization to users of Windows Server Operating Systems. ADFS enables users to access applications on Windows Server Operating Systems across organizational boundaries using a single set of login credentials. ADFS enables users from one organization to access applications from partner organizations by using their standard Active Directory credentials (AD). ADFS also allows users to access AD-integrated applications while working remotely via a web interface, using their standard organizational AD credentials. How do I connect QuestionPro and ADFS using SSO? Link Copied To connect ADFS and QuestionPro using SAML 2.0, follow the steps below: Install ADFS Go to: Start » All Programs » Administrative Tools, click on ADFS Management In the ADFS Management window, right click on Relying Party Trusts then click on Add Relying Party Trust In the setup wizard, select Claims aware and click on the Start button On the second step, select the Enter data about the replying party manually option and click on the Next button. On the third step, enter the name of the relying party trust and click on the Next button. On the fourth step, Upload the QuestionPro SP certificate and click on the Next button. Check out how to get the QuestionPro SP certificate here. On the fifth step, select Enable support for the SAML 2.0 SSO service URL, enter the ACS URL from your QuestionPro account, and click on the Next button. Check out how to get the ACS URL from your QuestionPro account here. On the sixth step, enter the Relying party trust identifier and click on the Add button on the right. Indentifier URL: https://www.questionpro.com/saml2 You'll see the identifier added in the Relying party trust identifier section. Then click on the Next button. On the seventh step, review the permission of this app for your organization and click on the Next button. On the eighth step, review all the details added for the relying party trust and click on the Next button. Finally on the ninth step, click on the Close button. Now a new window will open-up to add the Claim Issuance Policy. In this new window, click on the Add Rule button to add a new claim policy rule for QuestionPro In the pop-up, under Claim rule template select Send LDAP Attributes as Claims and click on the Next button. Enter the claim rule name as emailAddress, select E-Mail-Address as the LDAP Attribute, and enter emailAddress as the Outgoing Claim Type. Click on the Finish button. You'll see the new claim rule added under claim policy for QuestionPro. Click the Apply button and then the OK button to finish the setup. All the steps on ADFS are complete, now go to your QuestionPro account » User Profile » Global Settings » SSO Authentication and upload the following information: Issuer/Entity ID: The issuer or entity ID will be in this format https://ADFS_SERVER/adfs/services/trust replacing ADFS_SERVER with your ADFS domain Signing Certificate: Check out how to extract the signing certificate from ADFS here. Now, to test out the SSO connection go to https://ADFS_SERVER/adfs/ls/IDpInitiatedSignOn.aspx replacing ADFS_SERVER with your ADFS server name. Select the Sign in to one of the following sites: option, choose the QuestionPro app and click the Sign in button. It will prompt you to enter the AD credentials and after successful authentication, you'll be redirected to your QuestionPro account. Note: SP initiated SSO is not supported with ADFS and QuestionPro SSO connection. How to get the SP certificate and ACS URL from your QuestionPro account? Link Copied Follow the steps below to get the SP certificate and ACS URL from your QuestionPro account: To get the SP certificate and ACS URL, login to your QuestionPro account>> click on the user profile icon>> click on the Global Settings . Under Global Settings, click on the SSO Authentication in the left navigation menu. Select SAML (Signed) option from the SSO Authentication dropdown menu. Here, you'll find the ACS URL and the option to download the SP certificate. Note: These settings are visible to the primary user of your organization by default and the access can be provided to other users by using User roles and permissions. How to extract the signing certificate from ADFS? Link Copied Follow the steps below to extract the signing certificate from ADFS: Go to: ADFS Management » Service » Certificates. Double click on Token-signing certificate or right-click on Token-signing certificate and then click on View Certificate. In the pop-up window, go to the Details tab and click on the Copy to File button to export the certificate. The Certificate Export Wizard will open up click on the Next button to start the process. On the second step, choose Base-64 encoded X.509 (.CER) option and click on the Next button. On the third step, select the path where you want to export the certificate, enter the name for the file and click on the Next button. On the final step, click on the Finish button Can we map new users to a specific Business Unit/ Team? Link Copied Yes, It is possible to map new users to a specific Business Unit/ Team. You can pass a claim named "teamName" in your SAML assertion containing the Business Unit Name / Team Name from your QuestionPro account which will add new users under that specific Business Unit/ Team. In the following example shown in the screenshot we have used the "Department" field of the user's profile to store the Team Name for the user which will be passed in the SAML assertion: License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Microsoft Azure- SSO set up with QuestionPro
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/azure-sso-setup.html
Summary: Microsoft Azure - SSO setup with QuestionPro

Microsoft Azure - SSO setup with QuestionPro What is Microsoft Azure? Microsoft Azure (formerly Windows Azure) is a leading cloud platform that provides a wide range of services for building, deploying, and managing applications through Microsoft-managed data centers. It includes tools for computing, data storage, networking, and identity management - all designed to help organizations securely run their operations in the cloud [Wiki]. What is Microsoft Entra ID? Microsoft Entra ID (previously known as Azure Active Directory) is Microsoft’s cloud-based identity and access management solution that enables organizations to manage user identities and control access to applications and resources securely [Wiki]. When setting up SSO with QuestionPro, Microsoft Entra ID acts as the Identity Provider (IdP), verifying user credentials and granting secure access without requiring multiple logins. This ensures a smooth, secure, and consistent login experience for all users within your organization. How to set up SSO with QuestionPro using Microsoft Azure (Microsoft Entra ID)? Follow the steps below to connect Microsoft Azure (Microsoft Entra ID) with QuestionPro: Log in to your Azure portal. Create a new Enterprise application under Microsoft Entra ID. Open the app and click Set up single sign on. Select the single sign-on method as SAML. Now click on the pencil icon to edit the Basic SAML Configuration. Under Basic SAML Configuration, add https://www.questionpro.com/saml2 under Identifier (Entity ID) field and paste the ACS URL from your QuestionPro account into the Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL) field. Click Save. Click the pencil icon to edit Attributes and Claims. Click Add new claim. In the next page that opens, enter the Name of the attribute as emailAddress and select the Source attribute as user.mail. Click Save. Scroll to the bottom of the Single sign-on page. Under SAML Certificates, click the Download link next to Certificate (Base64). Then, copy the Login URL, Microsoft Entra Identifier, and Logout URL. Go to your QuestionPro account and navigate to User Profile >> My Account. Under SSO Authentication, select SAML (Signed) from the drop-down menu and choose Manual Settings as the Configuration Type. Paste the values from your Azure app as follows: Microsoft Entra Identifier → Issuer / Entity ID in QuestionPro. Login URL → Single Sign-On URL in QuestionPro. Logout URL → Logout URL in QuestionPro. Upload the certificate you downloaded from Azure by clicking the Choose file button. Click Save. To test your SSO connection, go to the Single sign-on page in your Azure application and scroll to the bottom. Click the Test button, then in the right-side pop-up, click Test sign in. You will be logged directly into your QuestionPro account. Note: If you do not have an existing QuestionPro account with the email address used in your Microsoft Azure (Entra ID) platform, a sub-account will be created under your organization (due to Just-In-Time provisioning), and you will be logged into that sub-account. How to assign my Azure application to a user or a group of users? To assign the application to users, follow the steps below: Open your Azure application and click Users and groups under “Manage” in the left navigation. Then click Add user/group. Click the Users section. On the right-side pop-up search for and select the user or group to whom you want to assign the application, then click Select at the bottom. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---
