QuestionPro Help — Surveys: Creating Surveys
Source: QuestionPro Help (surveys.questionpro.com)
Articles: 47
============================================================

## Creating surveys
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/create-survey.html
Summary: This QuestionPro help file will help you create a survey from scratch with your own set of questions or with a ready-to-use survey template.

How to create a survey? There are 3 ways you can create a survey using QuestionPro: Create a survey from scratch in your account Use a pre designed survey template Upload a survey using a microsoft word document The goal of creating a survey is to elicit holistic information from a target audience that provides enough data points to generate actionable insights. How do I create a survey? To create a survey from scratch, follow these simple steps: Go to: Login » My Surveys. Click on the new survey button. There are two ways of creating a survey: Create a survey from scratch: Click new survey » enter the survey name of your choice » click on the create survey button. Your survey will be created and you can begin adding question types that you prefer, and customize their settings in accordance to your survey goals. Use a template to create a survey: Click new survey » use a template » select the survey template of your choice. A pop-up will appear giving a preview of the selected template. Click on use this template button to create a survey using the selected survey template. If you like, you can customize the questions or answer options within the template. Upload a survey using a word document Click new survey » enter the survey name » click on the create survey button » click on Add questions from MS word. A pop-up will appear giving you the option to upload a word file or download a sample document. Click on Sample Microsoft Word Document button to download a sample file for reference. Once your file is ready for upload, drag and drop the file and click on upload to create your survey. Note: The ‘Add from Microsoft Word’ option is available only when creating a new survey. Once questions are added manually, this option will no longer be accessible. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Which is the most recommended survey creation method? When you are sure about what kind of survey you wish to create, you have a set goal and the questionnaire to gather relevant data, the ‘new survey’ method is the most recommended as it gives you the ability to design your survey exactly the way you want it to be. When you are not sure about what kind of survey you wish to create or the right questions to ask your target audience, you could always use the ‘templates’ and then edit/customize them accordingly. What's the best way of getting started with QuestionPro? Our weekly training sessions! We conduct a live weekly webinar series which is absolutely FREE!. Each webinar is about 45 minutes long. The topics covered over a four week span include: An overview of QuestionPro An overview of the smart survey logic Survey distribution and reporting Feature updates - What's new with QuestionPro To learn more about these or register yourself for these training sessions, visit our Training page! I have created my survey, what are the next steps? Brand your survey. Add your company's logo, update colors and font Distribute your survey via Email, Sms, QR codes, Offline App or check out the entire list of distribution methods Analyze survey results in real time Related QuestionPro Certifications Survey Design Research Survey Fundamentals License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey templates
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/template-library.html
Summary: What kind of surveys can I create ? - New Survey Template Library. You can choose the variety of categorised template surveys form the template library.

What kind of surveys can I create? - New Survey Template Library You can create ANY survey that you can imagine. Our survey question wizard guides you through the process of creating the survey. If you need ideas about surveys (Customer Satisfaction, New Product Development, HR etc.) you can browse our extensive Survey Template Library. Copy the existing templates and customize them. Go to: Login » + New Survey » Or use a template You can browse the template library by categories: Audience Evaluation Basic Pack Customer Satisfaction Education Surveys Employee Feedback Event Planning & Feedback Incident Follow-up Industry Specific Most Popular Surveys Non-profit & Membership Readership Satisfaction Shopping Experience Testing New Products & Services Website Feedback Related QuestionPro Certifications Survey Design Research Survey Fundamentals License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Adding questions to survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/add-question.html
Summary: Adding questions to survey

Add questions Once you have created your survey, you need to add questions as per your requirements. QuestionPro allows you to add questions to your survey from a pre-defined set of questions. How do I add questions to a survey? To add questions to your survey: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Workspace. Click on Add Question button. You can select the questions from the categories mentioned as follows: Basic Advanced The added question will appear in your survey edit page and you can add/update the question text and answer option text. You can also add questions from the library or by uploading MS Word template. How do I delete questions from a survey? Deleting single question: Hover or click on a question that you want to delete. Click on the three dots and select the Delete option. A pop-up will appear to confirm whether you want to proceed further to delete the question. Click on delete question to delete the question permanently. Deleting multiple questions: Go to: Tools » Review Mode. Select the questions you want to delete. Click on the Delete icon. A pop-up will appear to confirm whether you want to proceed further to delete the question. Click on Delete Question to delete the question permanently. Delete action permanently deletes the question and all associated data. Please double check before deleting questions with data. If you delete a question and you have set up branching/logic based on the question, branching/logic will not work after you delete the question. Will the questions be deleted if I delete a block? Yes. When you delete a block, all questions within the block will be deleted. Is there any limit to number of questions I can add to a survey? Yes. For Essentials and Advanced licenses there is a limit of 100 questions that you can add to a survey, with the Team Edition and Research Edition license you can add up to 300 questions to a survey. Survey questions: When, how and what to ask! | QuestionPro Webinar <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Related QuestionPro Certifications Survey Design Research Survey Fundamentals License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey logic
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/branching-skip-logic.html
Summary: This QuestionPro help file helps understand and use the branching or skip logic feature that gives you the ability to create “intelligent” surveys, meaning respondents can answer relevant questions based on their answers to screening questions.

Branching or skip logic on a question Branching or skip logic gives you the ability to create “intelligent” surveys that allow respondents to answer selected/relevant questions based on their answers to the screening questions. Skip logic interrupts the default survey flow and jumps/redirects the respondent to another location. This location can be another question, another survey, thank you page, or simply terminate the survey. How do I add branching or skip logic to a question? Before adding any logic, you should setup the entire survey with all the necessary questions. This will make it easier to test and verify the intended logic for the survey. Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit. Select the question you wish to apply logic to and click on logic. On the popup, skip logic will be selected by default. For each answer option, you can set the If selected, Jump to question logic. If you wish, you can update the Piping Text and also assign it to a Custom Variable. Piping text can be used on the following questions. Assigning the piping text to a variable will allow you to use it throughout the rest of the survey and also with reporting. Click here to learn more about piping text. Setting up Default Branching is optional. Default Branching logic will be executed in case none of the branching options are selected. Click the Save Logic button to complete the setup. When logic is added for a question, a page break is automatically inserted. This page break is necessary for branching to function properly and cannot be removed. What are the different jump to options? For each answer option, respondents can be directed or skipped to the following Jump To options: Survey Questions: You can select from any of the questions that are after the source question. Terminate Survey: Select this option if you wish to terminate the survey response. Respondents will be directed to the terminate survey page and the response will be marked as a Terminated response. Thank You page: Select this option if you wish to direct respondents to the Thank You page. Response will be marked as a completed response. Chain Survey: Select this option to take respondents to a different survey. Related QuestionPro Certifications Survey Design Research Survey Fundamentals License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## How to create a Test Survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/how-to-create-a-test-survey.html
Summary: Learn how to create a test survey

Create a test survey How to create a test survey? Follow these steps. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Word cloud
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/word-cloud.html
Summary: Word Cloud

Word Cloud A word cloud (or weighted list in visual design) is a visual depiction of user-generated tags, or simply the word content of a site, typically used to describe the content of websites. Tags are usually single words and are normally listed alphabetically, and the importance of a tag is shown with font size or color. Thus, it is possible to find a tag alphabetically and by popularity. Where can I access the word cloud? Go to: Login » Select Survey » Analytics Select the Word Cloud option under Text Analysis Word cloud options Word clouds are available for open-ended text type questions. Data has to be text data for word clouds. You can share the word cloud dashboard by copying the Report Link You can export to XLS, PDF, and PPT formats by clicking on the export icons. You can also apply filters for the word cloud report. Can I block or remove certain words from my word cloud report? Yes. You can remove or block words that you don't wish to show on the word cloud. Click on the drop-down to expand the word cloud options. Click on Stop Words Enter the stop words separated by spaces. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Question limits
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/questions-limit-per-survey.html
Summary: Number of Questions Per Survey

Number of Questions Per Survey This article explains the current system limits and recommended usage limits for each license tier. License Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Question Limit 100 200 300 400 Data Point Limit 1,000 2,000 3,000 4,000 Criteria Limit 500 1,000 1,000 1,500 I want to make sure QuestionPro supports all my questions before I commit. How can I do that? The best way to do that is to upgrade to one of our trial licenses or you can also upgrade your account to the paid license. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Creating a survey from MS Word doc
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/create-survey-word-template.html
Summary: Creating a survey from a Word document

Creating a survey from a Word document How to create a survey? To create a survey, log in to your account. On the Surveys page, click on the New Survey button. Enter a name for your survey and click on Create Survey. How to add questions from Word or upload a Word document into a survey? For your blank survey, expand the Add Question menu and select the Add from MS Word option. The 'Add questions from the Word' option is only available for blank surveys. On the pop-up, download the sample document. Format your Word document accordingly and select the file and import it. The Word document should be in .doc (Microsoft Word 97 - 2003 Document) format. Currently the .docx extension is not supported. We will update this tool to support the .docx extension soon. Which question types are supported using MS Word import? Multiple Choice - Select One Multiple Choice - Select Many Drop-down Menu - Select One Drop-down Menu - Select Many Comment Box Single Row Text Numeric Input Email Address Matrix - Select One Matrix - Multi Select Matrix - Text Input Matrix - Bipolar and Likert Scale License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## How to edit live surveys
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/editing-live-survey.html
Summary: How to delete, add and edit questions and answers from a live survey

Deleting / Editing Questions / Answers in a live Survey - Implications and Issues Can I edit the survey question(s) / answer(s) once the survey is live? Yes, it is possible to edit the survey question(s) / answer(s) after the survey is live. You can change/re-word the text for question(s) / answer(s) by clicking on the Edit link for the concerned question under the Edit Survey page. Can I delete question(s) from a live Survey? Yes, you can delete question(s) from a live Survey. To delete a question from your survey, click on the ellipsis on the top-right corner of the question Please note that deleting the Question will also delete all responses collected for that question. Once a Question is deleted the responses cannot be restored In the pop-up, click on the Delete Question button Can I add question(s) to a live Survey? Yes, Question(s) can be added to a live survey. Data for that question will be collected only from the point onwards after which it was added to the Survey. Can answer options be deleted / adjusted for live Surveys? It is possible to delete / adjust answer options on a live survey however we strongly advise not to do so unless absolutely necessary. For example Q: Which city do you live in? New York Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia You have a live Survey with the above question and have already collected some data. In the database the data is scored according to the answer options position in the list. So responses will be stored with scores / weights as follows: New York will be recorded as 1 Los Angeles will be recorded as 2 Chicago will be recorded as 3 and Philadelphia will be recorded as 4. Now, if you add another option, Phoenix at position two in the list. The Scoring for the rest of the options will change. So now the scores will be as follows: New York will be recorded as 1 (same as earlier) Phoenix will be recorded as 2 (new answer option added) Los Angeles will be recorded as 3 (earlier saved as 2) Chicago will be recorded as 4 (earlier saved as 3) and Philadelphia will be recorded as 5 (earlier saved as 4). So for a respondent who answered the survey before the changes were made and had answered Chicago as the city i.e. score 3 would now show up under Los Angeles. The data saved before the answer option was added will be useless for the above question. Therefore if absolutely necessary please add the answer option at the end of the list so that the earlier responses are not disturbed. Similarly if an answer option is deleted from the middle of the list the scoring for the rest of the answer options is disturbed and the data that was saved prior to the changes were made will be inconsistent. The survey does not work correctly after I edit the Survey? Please check if you have set up branching in the survey. If you have branching and you added / removed question(s) / answer(s) then you will need to set up the branching again and also set up page breaks appropriately for the survey to work correctly. Also if you were pointing to a question using branching and now that question has been deleted then you will need to update the branching accordingly. Can questions and/or answer options on a live survey be re-ordered? Yes. However, re-ordering questions will affect the flow of the Survey. Therefore if you have branching in the Survey then the branching will need to be updated wherever necessary. Reordering of questions and/or answer options will affect your collected data. Changes can be made to a live survey however we strongly suggest against it. Please do so only if it is absolutely necessary and at your own risk. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey blocks
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-blocks.html
Summary: Survey blocks

Survey Blocks A survey block is a group of questions within the survey. Survey blocks simplify the way questions are ordered and presented to survey takers. They enable the survey creator to display a set of questions or sections of surveys randomly. Options available for every block Following are the options available for every block: Preview : Use this option to preview a specific block. Reorder : Use this option to reorder the blocks within a survey. Question Randomization : Use this option to randomize the questions within a block. Delete : Use this option to delete the block. Preview a survey block Click on the three dots to the right of the survey block. Click on ‘Preview.’ With this option, you can preview all questions in a specific block. Reorder blocks within a survey To re-order blocks within the survey follow the steps below: Click on the Reorder option on any block. In the pop-up, drag and drop the blocks according to the requirement. Click on Reorder Blocks. This will reorder the blocks within your survey. Split a block into two parts Go to the question from where you want to split the block and at the bottom of that question, you'll find the Split Block button. Click on the Split Block button and it will divide the block into two blocks. Splitting a block will reset the question randomization within the block. Can I merge two blocks into one block? Yes. You can merge two blocks into one by just clicking the Merge Blocks button in between two blocks. Merging two blocks will reset the question randomization within both the blocks. Rename a survey block Click on the block's name and edit. You can also extend and collapse a block by clicking on the top left icon on the block. Delete a survey block Select the block, access the block settings and click on ‘Delete.’ Deleting a block will also delete all questions in that block. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey block randomizer
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-block-randomizer.html
Summary: Block randomizer: The block randomizer helps to present the survey blocks in random order when a respondent reaches a specified section of the survey.  This is useful when you need to randomly show a question from a group of questions or randomly show different sections of a survey to gather a variety of responses.

Block randomizer What is block randomizer? To understand the block randomizer, you have to know what a survey block is. A survey block is a group of questions within the survey. Survey blocks simplify the way questions are ordered and presented to survey takers. They enable the survey creator to display a set of questions randomly. The block randomizer helps to present the survey blocks in random order when a respondent reaches a specified section of the survey. This is useful when you need to randomly show a question from a group of questions or randomly show different sections of a survey to gather a variety of responses. This help file will show you how to add, merge, and split blocks, as well as how to randomize questions within a block, and reorder blocks within the survey. Setting up survey blocks Without any survey questions, you will see the survey template blocks where you can add or merge them together. Create a survey block: Create a new survey. A survey block will be created automatically in the new survey. All questions will be added to this default block. To create a new block, click on ‘Add Block’. Preview a survey block: Click on the three dots to the right of the survey block. Click on ‘Preview.’ With this option, you can preview all questions in a specific block. Reorder a survey block: To reorder blocks within the survey, click on the three dots and select ‘Reorder.’ Drag and drop blocks in preferred order and click on ‘Reorder Blocks’. Display questions randomly in a survey using a block To display questions randomly to different respondents, access the three dots to the right of the survey block and select ‘Question Randomization’. Select questions under the current display order. Use the up/down arrows or left/right arrows to change the order of the questions. Click on Save. Learn more: Question Randomization Delete a survey block Select the block, access the block settings and click on ‘Delete’. Split a survey block into two: You can split one block of survey questions into two. To split the block, click on Split Block at the bottom of the question from where you want to create a new block. It will divide the existing block into two blocks. Splitting a block will reset the question randomization within the block. Merge two or more survey blocks Merging two survey blocks will combine all the questions in those blocks. Merging two blocks will reset the question randomization within both the blocks. Rename a survey block Click on the block’s name and edit it. To expand and collapse survey blocks, click on the top-left icon. Block randomization: Go to your survey. Click on ‘Tools’. Click on ‘Block Flow’ from the drop-down menu. Click on ‘Add Randomizer’ to add a section for the randomizer. Drag and drop the blocks in the section and select the number of blocks you want to randomly display to the respondents. Click on Save. The order decided under block randomizer will be the default order of your survey. Reset block randomizer: To reset the survey block randomizer, delete the randomizers added for that survey. Go to the survey and click on the Tools button. Click on ‘Block Randomizer’. Click on 'Delete' on the top-right position of the randomizer. Can I see which blocks were displayed and in which order for each respondent? Yes. All randomization data is saved for each respondent and can be downloaded in Excel/CSV format. Go to: My Surveys(Select Survey) » Analytics » Manage Data » Export Here, switch on the toggle for Include Randomization Data In the exported file, block order data and question order data will be included. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## What is monadic testing?
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-blocks-monadic-testing.html
Summary: This is the detailed help docuemntaiton to set up a monadic test in your QuestionPro aacount.

What is monadic testing? What is monadic testing? Link Copied In a monadic test, the target audience is broken down into multiple groups. Each group is presented with one of the concepts and asked questions about it. These questions ask the respondents' opinions about the concept and which specific attributes and features they like or dislike. How can I set up monadic test in QuestionPro? Link Copied To set up a monadic test in your QuestionPro account, please follow the steps below: Go to: Surveys >> Edit Add all the questions related to the concepts in separate blocks. Click on the Block Flow option from the Tools drop-down menu, located at the top-right corner of the window. In the pop-up, you'll get the list of blocks added in your survey. Now click on any one of the Add Randomizer link to add a randomizer section. In the pop-up, drag and drop all the blocks within the newly added randomizer section. Select the number 1 in the Randomly display drop-down menu and click on the Save button. Evenly present blocks logic toggle has be deprecated as of September 30th, 2024. You have successfuly created a monadic test survey which will display only 1 concept/respondent to get their response. Pros and cons to monadic testing Link Copied Pros: The respondents are shown only one concept in isolation, independent of any external stimuli. Thus the respondent's opinions about the concept are not impaired by any distractions or outside influences. The data collected is clean and can be used to validate the concept without any constraints. Since the respondents are shown only one concept, you can get in-depth insights by asking more follow up questions while still keeping the survey relatively short. Cons: Since the target audience needs to be broken down into multiple groups, you need a larger sample size, thus increasing your research cost. It becomes even more challenging when you want to research a niche market, and it isn't easy to find enough respondents to create multiple groups. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## What is sequential monadic testing?
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-blocks-sequential-monadic-testing.html
Summary: This is the detailed documentation for setting up a sequential monadic test in your QuestionPro account.

What is sequential monadic testing? What is sequential monadic testing? Link Copied In a sequential monadic test, respondents are presented with two or more concepts in an isolated environment. The concepts are presented in a random order to avoid order bias. Each concept is followed by the same series of questions to determine in-depth insights about each of the concepts. How can I set up a sequential monadic test in QuestionPro? Link Copied To set up a sequential monadic test in your QuestionPro account, please follow the steps below: Go to: Surveys » Edit Add all the questions related to the concepts in separate blocks. Click on the Block Flow option from the Tools drop-down menu, located at the top-right corner of the window. In the pop-up, you'll get the list of blocks added in your survey. Now click on any one of the Add Randomizer link to add a randomizer section. In the pop-up, drag and drop all the blocks within the newly added randomizer section. Select the maximum number (3 in this example) in the Randomly display drop-down menu and click on the Save button. Evenly present blocks logic toggle has been deprecated as of September 30th, 2024. You have successfully created a monadic test survey which will display the concepts to the respondent in a randomized order to get their response. Pros and cons to sequential monadic testing Link Copied Pros: Since each respondent is shown at least two concepts, the required sample size goes down, making the research more cost-effective. Since you require fewer respondents, this method is more suitable for researching niche markets. Fewer respondents also mean less time is needed to field the survey and collect data. Cons: Presenting multiple concepts at a time increases the survey's length, which affects the completion rate of the survey and introduces the risk of nonresponse bias to your research. The research may also be at risk of order bias unless the order of the concept is appropriately randomized. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Builder with QuestionPro AI
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-builder-chatgpt.html
Summary: Building surveys with chatGPT

Build Surveys with QuestionPro AI ChatGPT has sent the internet ablaze with it's AI capabilities and we at QuestionPro have capitalized on this to help our users create meaningful surveys instantly. You can now build your survey questions using QuestionPro AI. Click to download video How to build a survey using QuestionPro AI? Go to: Login » My Surveys Click on the New Survey button. Enter a name for the survey and Create Survey For a new survey without any questions, you will see the build with QuestionPro AI link under the add question button. Click on Build with QuestionPro AI If your survey has questions already, click on the drop down for add question and then select the Build with QuestionPro AI option. Enter a description for the survey and click on Build Survey A list of questions will be displayed and you can select questions to add and click on Add Questions Selected questions will be added to your survey. Can I build surveys in language other than English? Yes! We support all major languages. Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Languages You can select any of the default languages for your survey. QxBot will pick the default language for your survey and build the survey for you. Watch this video for a live walkthrough of the set up. <span>Inline frames not supported</span> Click to download video License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Preview Options
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-preview-options.html
Summary: The official help guide for using QuestionPro survey preview options.

Survey Preview Survey preview allows you to test your survey easily. It allows you to test the user experience as to how the respondents would see and interact with your survey. With the survey preview, you can easily and repetitively test your survey with and without: logic, validation, and other settings. Survey preview makes testing your survey a breeze and the data collected can easily be deleted to start live data collection with a blank slate. How can I test my survey using the survey preview? You can use survey preview under Edit as well as the Distribute navigation menu under Surveys. Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit You will find the blue preview button with the eye icon near the top right beside the live survey link. Clicking on the preview button will open the survey preview in a new tab. What are the survey preview options available? To make survey testing easy, following options are available: Select Block: You can directly jump to any of the blocks in the survey by selecting the required block. URL Variable: Use URL variable option for testing custom variables that can be passed via the survey URL, update the variable and value and test the survey. Validation: You can disable validation when testing a survey so you don't need to answer validated questions every time. Logic: You can disable logic to test the survey questions. Page Breaks: You can disable page breaks and look at all questions in a single page. Share Preview Link: Click on the share icon to share preview link for your survey with your fellow researchers and colleagues. You can enable password protection for shared URL. Preview Device: You can select to view how the survey look in a specific device. You can select from the desktop view or tab or mobile view. How can I identify responses saved during testing using the preview URL? Responses saved when using the preview survey option are saved with the text test_response in the external reference variable for every response. You can view this in the response viewer and this information is part of all raw data exports. Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics Select the responses option from the drop down under dashboard. How can I delete these test responses saved using preview URL? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Analytics Select the Delete option from under Manage Data dropdown. Under Delete, click on the Clear Responses option from the Clear All Test Responses section. Test data will be permanently deleted and cannot be retrieved. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Authoring 2025
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/edit-2025-faq.html
Summary: Survey building 2025, Survey authoring improvements

Survey Edit and Collaboration 2025 - FAQ We've supercharged our survey-building platform with a new tech stack and significant infrastructure enhancements! This isn't just an update; it's a complete overhaul designed to elevate your survey creation workflow and bring you a more powerful, reliable, and seamless experience. Blazing-Fast Performance: Create, build, and publish complex surveys quicker than ever before. Enhanced Stability: Enjoy a more robust and dependable platform with consistent and uninterrupted performance. Future-Ready Foundation: These upgrades lay the groundwork for exciting new features and capabilities coming soon! We'll start moving users to the new infrastructure in phases, with all users transitioned to the updated platform by December 2025. Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to download video What is new? Draft and Publish Survey Modes: All new surveys are now created in draft mode, providing a dedicated space for you to build and thoroughly test your survey before it goes live. When you're ready to begin collecting data, simply publish your survey to launch it. This new process ensures your surveys are polished and ready for your audience. Collaborate and Build Surveys Together: Our platform allows you and your team to collaborate on surveys in real-time. You can easily work with users across your team or entire organization. The new real-time presence indicator lets you see who is actively working on a survey, so you can avoid conflicting changes and stay aligned with your collaborators. Survey Versions: Our platform now features robust survey versioning to give you greater control over your surveys. Every action is logged, providing a clear history of changes. You can now revert to any previous version of your survey, ensuring you have a complete record and the flexibility to undo changes whenever needed. What happens to my existing surveys? No change! We're transitioning to an upgraded platform, but there's no action required for your current surveys. All of your existing projects are safe and will remain unchanged. Going forward, any new surveys you create will benefit from the enhanced features and performance of our new architecture. Do we need any training or learning to use the new upgraded platform? We've made a significant effort to ensure this upgrade is seamless for you. The user experience will remain familiar, with only a few intuitive upgrades designed to make building surveys even easier. This means there's no need for any formal training, and you'll find there is no learning curve to navigate the new platform. You can continue creating surveys just as you always have. To ensure a smooth transition, rollout plan includes: Webinars: We will host webinars and live Q&A sessions to address any specific questions you may have. Self-Guided Resources: A refreshed knowledge base with articles and short videos that demonstrate the new features. How can I tell if my survey is on the new or old infrastructure? For surveys created on our new and improved infrastructure, you'll now see the Draft and Publish modes clearly displayed in the top right corner. Live survey link for new surveys will only be available in published mode. URL will not be available in draft mode. Data collection is paused when a survey is in draft mode. For all surveys on our legacy infrastructure, the live survey link will remain always visible. The draft and publish options will not be available for these older surveys. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Getting Started Test
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/surveys-v2-v3-test.html
Summary: Standard question types

Standard question types QuestionPro has 29 standard (basic) questions to build a perfect survey. Here is the list of standard question types with a brief description. For detailed description, click on each question type to visit the complete help page. Multiple choice : Multiple choice questions are used where respondents can select an answer from multiple options displayed below the question. Multiple choice (select one) : This question allows your respondents to select a single answer option. Radio buttons are used for single select type questions. If the question has a long list of answer options, for example, a list of countries, then drop-down menu can be used for a multiple choice select one question. Multiple choice (select many) : This question allows your respondents to select multiple answer options. Checkboxes are used for multiple select type questions. If the question has a long list of answer options (more than 10 options), then select list can be set as the answer type from the settings. Text: This is an open-ended text question where users can provide inputs in single word, short sentences, or paragraphs. Comment box : This is an open-ended text question where users can input longer text responses. For example, you can use a comment box question for collecting feedback where respondents can enter inputs in paragraphs. Email address : This question is used for email addresses. When validated, only valid email addresses will be accepted. Contact information : This question is used for gathering basic contact information, including first name, last name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. Graphical rating : Rating questions allow respondents to compare different items using a common rating scale or to compare a list of items to each other. Star rating : This question allows respondents to rank attributes on a visual scale of stars. Text slider : A text slider is an interactive question where rating values (dissatisfied-satisfied, unlikely-likely, poor-excellent, and many more) are represented on a bar. The respondents can drag the slider on the bar to set their rating value. Push to social : This question allows respondents to rate an item with the help of star rating, then, depending on the rating, a recommendation is displayed to the respondents to share their experience on social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter, and Yelp. Numeric slider : Similar to text slider, users can slide the bar to rate items. The rating value will be a numeric range. Thumbs Up/Down : This question allows you to ask the respondents whether they like or dislike an item asked in the question. The respondents can use a thumbs up or thumbs down image to help define the rating options. Smiley - rating : The smiley question is a 5-point rating scale, that allows you to capture sentiments of your respondents towards your products or services in the form of smiley images intended to represent a range of sentiments from negative to positive and vice versa. Basic Matrix: A matrix question is a group of individual questions that share the same answer options. Multi-point scales : This question can be used when we want the respondents to select only one option for each row by clicking on the radio buttons. Checkbox/Multi-select : This question allows the respondents to select multiple answer options from each row in the matrix question. Spreadsheet : This question uses text boxes in the answer option that allow the respondents to enter text inputs. Ordering: Questions scale Rank Order allows you to qualify a set of brands or products based on a specific attribute or characteristic. Rank order : Rank order scaling questions allow a certain set of brands or products to be ranked based upon a specific attribute or characteristic. Constant sum : A constant sum question permits respondents to enter numeric values for list of items that are then summed for a total value. This is used to see the allocation of a value into several items. For example, the revenue generated from different regions (North America, Europe, APAC) summing up to the total revenue. Drag and drop : Respondents can drag and drop the answer choices to re-order them as per their preferential order. Image chooser : Image questions allow you to show a visualization of the answer options for respondents to review and select. Instead of selecting a radio button, respondents can scroll over the image and pick the one that best suits their answer. Image chooser (select one) : This is a multiple choice single select question where you can add images in the answer options along with the text. Radio buttons are used for single select type questions. Answer option orientation can either be vertical (default setting) or horizontal. Image chooser (select many) : This is a multiple choice multi-select question which has images next to the answer options. Check boxes are used for Image Chooser multiple select type questions. Answer option orientation can either be vertical (default setting) or horizontal. Rating : Ask users to select one or more images from a set of images presented. Static content Presentation text: Presentation text is text that can be used as messages, instructions or headings in your survey. It can also be used to visually separate sections in your survey. The section headings can also be used in the reports to help visually see groups of questions. Section heading: To group the survey into sections and to enhance the look of the survey you can add section/page headers to the survey. Section sub-heading: To group the survey into sections and to enhance the look of the survey you can add section/page headers to the survey. Presentation/ heading question type is used only for display purpose. No user input is expected. Misc Date / Time : This question provides a drop-down menu for date selection. You can also enable display time to where respondent can enter the time. This question allows the respondents to enter a date as an input, for example, birthdate or schedule meeting (date and time). reCAPTCHA : This question allows to validate the respondent is an actual respondent and not a bot designed to submit random answers to a form or survey. Calendar : This question is similar to a date/time question. But, instead of a drop-down, the respondents can pick a date from a calendar. Maps : It is much easier for the respondents to select their location by using the clickable interactive maps. Just by rolling the mouse over a certain part of the map, the respondent can instantly select that area from the pop-up text, links, and images. Timer : Page timer question can be used to manage and track the time spent by respondents on each page. Page timer can be used on tests, quizzes or surveys where you want respondents to spend specific amount of time. Page timer should be added as the last question on page. An automatic page break is applied on the page timer question. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Question Library
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-question-library.html
Summary: Question library

Question Library QuestionPro's question library is your personal question bank or library where you can add frequently used questions. You can create and maintain your library from which questions can be easily added to any of your surveys. Click to download video How do I access and manage my question library? Go to: Login » My Surveys Under the My Surveys folder near the bottom right corner, click on the My Question Library icon to view/edit/manage your question library. My Question Library survey is similar to other surveys in your account. You can directly add and manage questions in your question library. How do I add a question to my question library from another survey? When working on a survey, you may want to add a question to your question library for future use. To add a question to the question library, click on the kebab (3-dot) menu for the question and click on the Save to library option. The question will get added to your question library and now you can use it from your library on any future surveys. How do I add questions from my question library or from another survey? Click on Add Question in your survey. Select Question Library and you can add questions from your question library. You can also add questions from another survey. Select My Surveys and select a survey you want to add questions from. Blocks are available only with our Research Suite. Creating new block option will only be available if you have the Research edition license. Why can I not see the 'My Question Library' in my folder? My Question Library is only available under the My Surveys folder. Please click on the My Surveys folder and you will always find the question library icon near the bottom right corner. Is the question library shareable across my team or organization? Currently, the question library is not directly shareable. As a workaround, you can create a survey with all the questions you want everyone across your team or organization to use. This survey can be shared with everyone in the organization allowing them to use the shared survey similar to a library survey. You can learn more about sharing here. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Navigation Buttons
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-navigation-buttons.html
Summary: Survey Navigation Buttons

Survey Navigation Buttons Survey navigation buttons help your respondents go through a survey, allowing you greater control over the flow and messaging for the survey. Where can I control or update navigation buttons for the survey? Go to: Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Design Under the Design tab, click on Display Settings. Here, you can change the display settings for the survey. You can make changes to the button text for your survey and save changes. Where are the navigation buttons displayed on a survey? Navigation buttons are form submission buttons displayed on the survey. Survey/Response Submit Buttons Start Button: The start button text for the survey is displayed on the first page of a multi-page survey. For a single page survey, the finish button text is displayed. Next Button: The next button text is displayed on the second page of the survey and on subsequent pages until the last page of the survey. If a survey has just two pages, only the start button text and the finish button text will be displayed on the first and the last page of the survey. Finish Button: The finish button text is displayed on the last page of the survey. Clicking on this button submits the complete response for a survey. For single page surveys, only the finish button text will be displayed on the survey. Along with the buttons to submit responses on a page, we also provide the back button and the exit button. Back Button: The Back button is used to allow respondents to go back to earlier pages in a survey. You can disable the back button on a survey. Exit Button: The Exit button is displayed on the header of the survey and allows users to exit the survey. You can set up the exit URL so clicking on the exit button will take the respondents out of a survey and to a website/page of your choice. How to change the default text used for the submit buttons? To set default button text for all new surveys for your organization, Go to: Login » Organization » Settings Click on the Settings button. On the pop-up, update and save the button text. Once saved, all new surveys will be created with the set button text for your organization. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey chaining
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-chaining.html
Summary: Survey chaining

Survey chaining Survey chaining can be used to intelligently branch to different surveys depending upon how people respond to certain questions. This can be helpful if you have a complicated set of questions that would make more sense to keep as separate surveys for reporting purposes, or even just to keep logic easy to track. How do I set up a chain survey? Before adding any logic, you should set up the entire survey with all of the questions. This will make it easier to check if the logic is correct while testing the survey. To set up the chain survey, follow the steps listed below: Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit. Select the question you wish to apply logic to and click on logic. On the popup, skip logic will be selected by default. Select Chain Survey under If selected, jump to question logic. Select the survey for chaining from the drop-down, e.g. Customer Feedback Survey. Click on Save Logic. Note: When logic is set up for a question, a page break is automatically inserted. This page break is necessary for branching to function properly. If I chain from one survey to the other, can the data be automatically interlinked? Yes. The response ID of the first survey from where the respondent is directed to another survey is passed in as an external reference variable. This variable is available with the response for the chained survey. Along with the external reference variable, you can also pass up to 5 custom variables to the chained survey. Below is the screenshot of the response viewer of the chained survey, showing the response ID of the first survey captured as an External Reference variable. How many criteria can I add in a logic? You can add up to 5 criteria in a logic. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Branching to terminate survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/branching-to-terminate-survey.html
Summary: How to get survey respondents that match your selected criteria using branching and terminate surveys.

Branching to terminate survey This type of logic is used to terminate or exit survey. For example in some surveys, you want only a specific type of respondents to take the survey. For instance, if you want to conduct a survey for smartphone users only then, you can ask 'yes/no' question - 'Do you use a smartphone?'. If the respondent says 'yes' then only proceed further with the survey else terminate the survey with the help of terminate logic. How do I set up branching to terminate the survey? To set up branching to terminate the survey, follow the below steps: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit Select the question you wish to apply logic and click on logic. On the popup, skip logic will be selected by default. Go to the answer option where you want to terminate the survey if selected by the respondent. Under If selected, Jump to question, select Terminate Survey option from drop-down. Click on Save Logic. Can I set up a custom message for respondents who terminate survey? Yes. Once branching to terminate survey is enabled, go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Finish Options. Here, you can edit terminated respondent message with a customized message. Be sure to save changes to apply any updated messages. Terminated respondent message option will be available only if branching to terminate survey is enabled. Respondents who select terminate option will be saved as incomplete responses in the database. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Logic Builder - AI
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/ai-logic-builder.html
Summary: Survey Logic Builder with AI

Survey Logic with AI AI Logic License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Create multilingual surveys
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multilingual-surveys.html
Summary: Multilingual Surveys | Languages - How to?

Multilingual Surveys QuestionPro supports multilingual surveys. We offer 95+ languages that you can choose from. You can also let us know a language that you wish to use and we can add it for you. Click to download video How can I change the default language for my surveys? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Languages By default, survey language is based on the language set under My Account Under language versions colum, you can set the default language for your survey. How can I add multiple languages to my survey? Click on the Add Languages button. Select the languages you wish to add and click on the Save Changes button. Our supported languages list is 125+ strong and growing. If you don't see the language you wish to add, please contact us on support and we will add the language. Selected languages will get added to your survey. Once the languages are added, you can add translations for your survey. For each language, you can preview the survey, print the survey or generate word or PDF copies of the survey. We offer professional translation services so please reach out to us on live chat or click on the get quote option to request for language translation service. What is a screener question? For multilingual surveys, the first page will always ask respondents to choose their preferred language. Here, a screener question is displayed along with the languages. Once you add a language, you will see the screener question. You can edit/customize the text including text for different languages. The order of languages is as per the display order on the languages page and can be moved by simply draging and dropping to desired order. The survey will start with a screen question asking respondents to select their preferred language. Can respondents change the language once they have started answering the survey? Yes. Enable the toggle switch for Change language within survey option and this will allow respondents to change the language on any page of the survey. Change language within survey option is currently only available with the classic display mode. We are working on allowing it with the focus and visual display modes as well. When this option is enabled, respondents can click on the language icon to view and change to any of the available lanagues for the survey. How do I import translations for each of the languages? Once you have added languages, on the left navigation menu, click on Import Translations Download the import template for translations. Add translations to this excel file. Click on the Import Translations button and upload translations. It is best to add languages and import translations once the survey is created and finalized in the primary/default language. Can I add translations manually? Yes, translations can be added manually. Click on Manual Translations menu. All changes made under Manual Translations are saved automatically. By default, you will be in the General Text Translation section. Here you can add translations for the header, footer, survey buttons, etc. Select the language you wish to add translations for. Enter your translations for the language. Changes will be auto-saved. For Question and Answer Translations first select the tab. Select the question and enter your translations. You can check the progress bar to keep track of pending translations. For the incomplete translations for questions, the drop down arrow will be red. Once you enter translations, the drop down arrow will turn green. While taking the survey, if there are any translations missing, you will see them in red. Go to the languages page and add the missing translations. What options are available for the languages? Once you have uploaded translations, the progress bar will be at 100%. You can now preview, print, or download the survey in specific languages. You can also delete a language that you don't need. Can I hide a language from the respondents temporarily? Yes. For every language, you will see a toggle along side. You can hide a language by disabling the switch. Respondents will not see the hidden language as an option when answering the survey. Can I change the default language for surveys created in my account? Every new survey takes the language that is set on the account. You can change the default language for your account under My Account. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Importing language translations
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/import-language-translations.html
Summary: Importing language translations

Importing language translations How to import translations? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Languages Once you add a language, you will see the Import Translations left navigation menu. Click to Download Import Template Enter translations to this file and import this file back by clicking on Import Translations button. What is the file format for the translation template? The template file is in Excel (.xlsx) file format. For each language, there is a pre-defined column in the excel file. Please make sure you enter your translations in the correct language column. Please do not make any changes in columns A, B, C and rows 1, 2 and 3. Click on the preview icon to view the survey in the added language. Language added for the survey will be automatically applied, where the respondent will get an option to select from the language if multiple languages are added. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Language translation service
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/multilingual-surveys-translation.html
Summary: Language Translation Service For Multilingual Surveys

Language translation service for multilingual surveys Language Translation Service QuestionPro offers experienced project managers, highly skilled technical staff and professional linguists with an ISO 9001-2008 Certified quality management system to offer most accurate Language Translations. How can I request translations? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Languages Once the survey is ready in the primary language, add languages to your survey and you can request a quote for translation by clicking on the Get Quote button. In the popup, write a short message and request a quote. The QuestionPro team will get back to you with a quote. Once you accept, the survey translations will be ready in your account within two days. Please request a quote only after the survey has been finalized in the primary language. Language translation service is available for which languages? We provide a language translation service for the following languages: Language English German French Dutch Spanish Portuguese Italian Russian Arabic Turkish Thai Hebrew Baltic Cyrillic Chinese (Mainland - gb2312) Chinese (Taiwan/HK - Big5) Japanese Korean Armenian Polish Hungarian Swedish Finnish Danish Slovakian Romanian Flemish Norwegian Greek Czech Catalan Croatian License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Deactivate survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/deactivate-survey.html
Summary: Close or deactivate survey

Close or deactivate survey You could make your survey available to your respondents forever or you can pause/deactivate the survey. No one will be able to take the survey while it is paused/deactivated. How do I close/deactivate the survey? You can deactivate the survey from the Surveys tab or from Settings. Close/deactivate survey from the Survey tab In the Surveys tab, click on Active under Status, and change the status to Closed. Close/deactivate the survey from survey settings Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Settings. Go to Survey Status and click on the dropdown. Select the Inactive option. Enter your custom message in the Inactive Message. This message will be shown to the participants when they click on the survey link after the survey has been deactivated. Click on Save Changes. Can the survey be deactivated automatically on a certain date? Yes, the survey can be deactivated on a specific date by following the below steps Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Settings. Go to Close Date and pick up a date. The close date field is in MM/DD/YYYY format. The survey will be closed exactly at 12:00 AM PST as per the selected date. For example: if the date is set as 10/02/2020, the respondents will be able to take the survey until 11:59 PM PST on 10/02/2020. Click on Save Changes. What would the respondents see when they try to access an inactive survey? The respondents will see the default message, "This survey has been deactivated by the owner" or the customized message entered in the Closed Message box. Closing a survey will only restrict access to the survey. This does not affect data or reporting in any way. To activate the survey again, set the Current Status to Active. How does offline data collection work if a survey is closed? If you are using the mobile app for offline data collection, once you have closed a survey, all offline responses will be synced and then the survey will be removed from the offline app. Offline app will never stop data collection for a survey. Surveys closed due to quota or closed on a set date and time will continue data collection offline. Data will be synced to avoid any data loss. Once survey is closed, please request sync or force sync your devices using the push notifications feature for the mobile app. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey timeout
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-timeout.html
Summary: Survey Timeout / Session Timeout

Survey Timeout / Session Timeout Active session timeout period for a survey is 60 minutes. Every time a respondent answers a question and moves to the next question or page by clicking on the submit button, it is considered an activity on the survey. If respondents stop responding or interacting with the survey, the inactivity period timer is started. After 45 minutes of inactivity where there is no interaction with the survey, we will present a popup with a warning for 15 minutes countdown to session end. If respondents interact with the survey within 15 minutes from the warning by answering questions and clicking on submit, the inactivity timer will be restarted. If respondents do not interact, and the inactive period exceeds 60 minutes, the session will end. If the Survey times out, will the data be saved? For survey invitations sent via QuestionPro email distribution with survey tracking link, respondents can resume the survey from where the session was timed out. For anonymous survey URL and untracked responses, an incomplete response will be saved. Respondents can, if they wish, answer the survey again and a new response ID will be generated. Can the Timeout period be changed/removed? Active session is set to 60 minutes and cannot be changed. Will a Warning be displayed before the Survey times out? Yes, 15 minutes before timeout, a warning will be given to the respondents. Respondents reported that they got timed out while taking the Survey. How can I avoid this from happening? The Respondents will get timed out only if there is no activity on the Survey. If a Survey was opened multiple times or in multiple windows, please ask the Respondents to close all windows. Clear out Cookies and open the Survey in a new window. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Timer
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/time-out-option.html
Summary: Setting up a time-out option

Survey Timer - How to? Survey timer is a feature that actually sets a time limit on a survey. Respondents have to complete the survey within a certain period of time. When the timer runs out -- the survey closes and the responses are marked as incomplete. How do I set a time limit for my survey? To set up a time limit for the survey, go to: Login » My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Settings Under Survey Settings, switch on the Survey Timer. Set the time Click Save Changes Survey timer can be set for a maximum time of 3 hours. How does the time limit work? A countdown timer will be displayed on the survey. Respondents have to finish the survey within the specified time. If respondents do not finish the survey within the specified time, the survey will end and the response will be marked as incomplete. Why would you ever want your survey to time out? Believe it or not, answering a survey under a given time frame actually increases the quality of responses in terms of capturing the first thing that comes to the respondent's mind. A classic use case would be a quiz survey. Of course! Surveys aren't just for finding out what people think, they can be an ideal tool to find out what people know, and using a timer increases their concentration on the material. Too often, respondents are disengaged from surveys - they simply click on the extreme ratings; lowest, highest or right down the middle. Often these responses can't be used. Adding a timing feature increases their engagement and full participation. What’s the benefit of using a countdown timer? The biggest advantage of this feature is to reduce dropout rates. The respondents have to complete the survey as soon as they start it as there is a timer. They can not leave it and walk away from their desk etc. Who do you see using this feature the most? Market Researchers and people running Employee satisfaction surveys. When you have the employee answer the survey in a given time frame will get you more precise data as they don't have much time to think and alter their answer. Countdown timer follows the gaming trend - If you've been reading our articles, you know that we're big fans of making surveys more engaging and more fun -- the industry calls it Gamification. Big brands are using games to get their customers and fans more involved and online and mobile surveys have jumped into the fray as well. Why is the survey timer not available for my survey? Currently, survey timer isn't supported in the accessible layout. To use a timer, you'll need to switch to a different survey layout. . License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Close Date
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-close-date.html
Summary: Survey close date and time

Survey close date and time How can I close my survey on a particular date and time? Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit » Settings Under Settings, enable the switch for Close Date & Time Select the date and time. Dynamically you will also see the closed message. Update this message as required. Click on Save to enable this option. When will the survey close? Is the time zone considered? Yes. You can set the time for when you wish to close the survey. The time considered is based on your accounts time zone so based on your account time zone setting, that time will be used to close the survey. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Tools - Survey Options
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-more-options.html
Summary: Survey Options | Tools

Survey Options | Tools On the survey workspace you will find the tools option where you will have access to functionality like exporting the survey in Word/PDF formats, adding test responses, checking logic, etc. Where can I access the tools option? Go to: Login » Surveys (Select a survey) » Edit Click on the Tools dropdown near the top right corner. Here you will find tools for managing your survey. What are the functionalities available under tools? The following functionalities are available under Tools: Review Mode: Review mode is a compact and customizable view of the survey which makes it easier to review and manage the survey. Test Responses: This tool allows you to add test responses to your survey so you can check how the dashboards will look for the survey. Update Question Codes: You can update question codes in bulk using this feature. Search and Replace: Using search and replace, you can look for any text in the survey and replace it in bulk. Logic: View Logic Criteria: Here you can view all logic criteria/conditions added on the survey. Validate Branching Logic You can use this tool to validate all branching logic set on the survey. Block Flow: Using block flow, you can add block flow logic like randomization and conditional show/hide logic if you have blocks. Custom JS: Here you can add custom JS logic for the survey on a global level. Remove All Logic: Use this option to remove all logic from the survey. Download Microsoft Word: Export a copy of the survey in MS Word format. PDF: Export a PDF copy of the survey. Print: Print the survey. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Copy survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/copy-survey.html
Summary:  Copying an existing survey 

Copying an existing survey Create a copy of your survey in your account so you can reuse it for different projects and make changes without affecting the original. How do I make a copy of my survey? Go to: Login » Surveys For the survey you want to copy, click on the 3-dot menu to access the copy option. You can also search for a survey in the header search bar and click on the copy option for the survey you would like to copy. On the pop-up that opens, you can rename your survey. Select the folder you want to create the copy in. If you have multiple users in the organization, you can also create surveys in a different user account. Click on the Copy Survey button to make the copy. Note: When a survey is copied, all survey logic, email templates, RAA settings, and configurations such as Save and Continue, design, and font styles are carried over. Responses from the original survey are not copied. It’s recommended to test the copied survey to ensure the logic functions as expected. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Sharing survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-sharing.html
Summary:  Survey Sharing / Collaboration

Survey Sharing Sharing surveys with my colleagues: Go to: Login » Surveys Click on the options (3 dot) menu for the folder you wish to share and click on the Share Folder option. On the popup, you can share with all users within your organization with specific permissions like Edit, Reports, Copy, or share only with specific teams or users. To only share with specific teams, select the teams you want to share with, all users who are part of the team will have access to the shared folders. This option will only be available if teams are setup and you have admin permissions. You can also specify users you wish to share the folder with. You can assign the following permissions: Edit: Shared users or teams have full access to the survey and can make changes to the survey, copy these surveys, distribute these surveys, and also analyze results. Copy: Copy permission allows users to copy the survey. They cannot make any change to the original survey or access any other settings or tools. Analyze: Analyze permissions will allow users access to the Analytics tab will full access to all reports and data. They won't be able to edit the survey or access distribution or any other settings or tools. Once the folder is shared, users will have access to all surveys in that folder with the specified permissions. I only have a single user account - does this apply to me? No. This is only for Global Multi-User Accounts. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition Communities Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Search survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/search-survey.html
Summary: Searching for a survey in my account

Searching for a Survey in My Account You can search and easily locate a survey in your account using the Search bar available under the Surveys tab. On the far right of the screen, you will see a search bar. Enter the search text, then press enter. The entered partial or complete search string will do a search within: Survey Name Question Text Answer Text Survey Header and Footer and display the list of surveys that have the keyword(s) entered. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Versions
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-versions.html
Summary: Survey versions

Survey Versions Survey versions allow you to manage surveys in an easy and efficient way. Survey versioning provides you with the ability to undo or redo any step that you may have missed or want to improve or change in any way. With survey versioning, you can safely make changes to the survey without having to worry about data consistency or data discrepancy issues. Click to download video What is a survey version? With our brand new survey authoring tech stack, we now offer the ability to audit every change to the survey. We maintain logs for every edit on a survey and offer flexibility and ability to choose any version of the surve to publish and use as a final copy. For accessing survey versions, go to: Login » Surveys (Select Survey) Under Edit survey, click on the Tools menu. Under Tools, click on the Survey Versions option. Here you will see all logs and changes made to the survey. If a survey is shared, edits or updates made by every user are logged and can be audited. Whenver you publish a survey, the version is tagged as Published Can I go back to an older version of the survey? Yes. You can select any version to go back to. Select the version that you want to use and click on the Restore Version button. Before making the change, you can also preview the particular version. What happens to the data collected with different versions? You don't need to worry about the data! All your dashboards, analysis, and exports will work based on the latest survey version that you see under your workspace. Responses or data collected on any survey version will not be deleted when a version is changed. You can manually delete responses, but be aware that this action is permanent and cannot be undone. Deleted responses will not be included in any survey versions or data. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Customer Experience University - Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Survey Agent
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/survey-agent.html
Summary: AI agent

Survey Agent Overview Survey Agent is QuestionPro’s flagship autonomous AI agent, designed to plan, build, and manage surveys on your behalf so you can focus on insights, not configuration. From survey creation and complex logic setup to intelligent recommendations and real-time modifications, Survey Agent transforms research operations into a faster, more scalable, and AI-native experience. Your browser does not support the video tag. How does the Survey Agent work? Just describe your goal in plain language. Survey Agent reasons through your requirements, determines the right structure, and executes handling everything from question selection to logic setup without waiting for step-by-step instructions. Where can I find the Survey Agent? Navigate to the following location: Research Suite → Surveys → New Survey → Survey Agent What can the Survey Agent do? Turn your documents into surveys Already have questions drafted in a Word doc or spreadsheet? Upload it and Survey Agent will parse and import them directly into your survey — no copy-pasting needed. Step 1: Open the Survey Agent chat window. Step 2: Click the Attachment button and upload your Word document. Step 3: Add instructions — for example, "Import all questions from this file." Step 4: Click Send — Survey Agent will parse and organize the questions automatically. Your browser does not support the video tag. Adapt your survey structure in real time Describe what you want to learn, and Survey Agent structures a complete survey around it — selecting the right question types, ordering them logically, and applying best practices without any manual configuration. Step 1: Open your survey in Draft mode. Step 2: Click the Survey Agent button located in the bottom-left corner of the survey builder. Step 3: Describe exactly where and what you want to add — for example, "Add a multiple-choice question after Q3 asking about purchase frequency" or "Insert an NPS question at the end of Block 2." Step 4: Survey Agent adds the question at the specified position and updates the survey sequence automatically. Step 5: Repeat for any additional changes, then click Publish when you're ready. Your browser does not support the video tag. Set up smart logic without the complexity Define how you want respondents to flow through your survey, and Survey Agent translates that into conditional branching and skip logic — no rule-building required on your end. Step 1: Open the Survey Agent chat window. Step 2: Enter the question number and describe the logic. Step 3: Click Send to apply the logic. Step 4: Click the Logic icon on the question to verify the configuration. Your browser does not support the video tag. Get real-time guidance on survey design Not sure if your survey flows the way it should? Ask Survey Agent to summarize it — it identifies key topics, maps the question flow, and gives you a clear overview in seconds, so you're always ready to review or share. Step 1: Open any survey and launch Survey Agent. Step 2: Type "Summarize this survey" in the chat window. Step 3: Click Send — Survey Agent returns a structured overview instantly. Step 4: Use the summary to validate logic or share context with your team. Your browser does not support the video tag. Frequenty Asked Questions Does Survey Agent work on surveys I have already created? Yes. You can use Survey Agent on any existing survey in Draft mode. Simply open the survey, click the Survey Agent button, and describe the changes you want — it will update your survey structure, logic, or questions accordingly. Can Survey Agent import questions from any file type? Survey Agent currently supports importing questions from Word and PDF documents. Upload your file using the attachment button in the chat window, submit your instructions, and Survey Agent will extract and organize the questions directly into your survey. Do I need to manually verify the logic Survey Agent applies? It is good practice to review the logic after it is applied. Once Survey Agent sets up skip or conditional logic, you can click the Logic option on the relevant question to verify the configuration before publishing your survey. What licenses support Survey Agent? Survey Agent is available on the following licenses: Team Edition Research Edition University – Research Edition Survey Agent support for the Essential License is coming soon Will Survey Agent overwrite my existing questions when I ask it to make changes? No. Survey Agent makes targeted updates based on your instructions. It will only modify, add, or reorganize the elements you specify — your existing questions and settings remain intact unless you explicitly ask for them to be changed. Can I use Survey Agent to summarize a survey I did not build? Yes. Survey Agent can analyze and summarize any survey in your account that is accessible to you. Open the survey in Draft mode, launch Survey Agent, and ask it to summarize — it will map the question flow, key topics, and overall structure for you. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Team Edition Research Edition University - Research Edition

---

## Survey authentication
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/Types-of-Authentication.html
Summary: Survey Security - Authentication (Password Protection)

Survey Security - Authentication (Password Protection) Survey authentication allows you to control who can see and respond to your surveys. QuestionPro provides multiple types of authentication methods for you to choose depending on the level of security you need. Survey authentication is a good way to control or restrict access to your surveys. How can I add password protection to my survey? Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit Click on the Settings menu under Edit. Select Security on the left navigation bar. By default, survey authentication is set to none. Select the survey authentication option you wish to use and save. Once saved, respondents will need to authenticate access to the survey using the selected option. What are the different security or survey authentication options available? You can select from one of the following survey authentication options: Global Password Protect: You can set up a common password for the survey. Any respondent who has the password can access the survey. This provides a low-level password protection since password is common for all respondents. Email Invites only: The system makes sure that the survey can be answered only using the link sent in the invite sent to the respondent’s inbox. Survey will not be accessible otherwise. Email/Password: Use the respondent's email and assign an individual unique password for each respondent. Username/Password: You can set up a unique username and a password for each respondent. Participant ID: You could set up a unique ID for each respondent that can be their employee ID or student ID or roll number which they can enter to access and respond to the survey. Password (Email detected automatically): You can define unique passwords for each email address. The system will detect if the password matches the email address the respondent claims to be on the back end. For example: Password: **** [ system will detect that if the password matches jackjill@mycompanydomain.com] DES Encrypted Custom Variables: It involves encryption and decryption of custom variables so that it cannot be hacked. It is used for sensitive data. Communities Invites Only: The system restricts non-panel members from accessing a survey link. Once this survey authentication is enabled, a shared survey link by the community member cannot be used to take the survey by a non-community member. Communities invites only option is available if you have a communities license and a community. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Global password protect
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/Survey-Global-Password-Protect.html
Summary: Survey Global Password Protect

Survey Global Password Protect What is Global Password Protection? Global password protection adds a level of security and access restriction to your survey. If you are posting a link for the survey online and wish to restrict access, you can use global password protect option adding a simple layer of security. How to enable Global Password Protect on the survey? Go to: My Surveys (Select Survey) » Edit Click on the Settings menu under Edit Click on Security under Settings Select the Global Password Protect option and save. A common password will be set for the survey. For higher security, you can use Email/Password or any other password security option. Note: Survey respondent tracking and Anti-Ballot Box Stuffing will work with password protection enabled. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Username/password authentication
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/username-password-authentication.html
Summary: Username and password authentication

Username and password authentication QuestionPro allows you to set up a unique username and password for each respondent as a method of authentication. How do I enable username/password for authentication? To enable username/password for authentication: Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Edit » Settings. Under Settings, you will see three tabs - settings, security, and notifications. Click on security. Here, you will see a list of options under survey authentication. Select username/password. If you wish, you can edit the field labels for username, password and invalid credentials. Go to choose an email list option and select an email list from the drop-down. If you do not have an email list then, create new list with email addresses and passwords. Click on create new list. Enter the name of the list. Add the usernames and passwords in the predefined format. Format: [Username, Password, Field1, Field2,...Up to 255 variables etc.] Click on save changes. How can I include the username and password in the email invitation? While you create the email list you have 255 custom variables. You can save the username and password in their respective fields or in any of the custom variables and then display those value in the email body. For example: How to assign Username and Password to respective respondents while creating Email List? Go to: Login » Surveys (select a survey) » Distribute » Email » Lists. Click on create new email list. Enter a name: Assign the email list with a unique name so that later you can identify it easily. Type: The email list type can be: Survey Specific: The email list will be visible only for that particular survey. Global: The email list will be visible for all the surveys created in the account. It saves time when you wish to use the same email list for all the surveys. Click on Input Contacts (Manual Entry). Select Username and Password from drop-down. Click on upload. While you create the email list you have 255 custom variables present. You can save the username and password in their respective fields or in any of the custom variables and then display that value in the email body. NOTE: You need 2 email lists in this authentication type. One for username/password and one for email addresses only. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Phone & paper
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/phone-and-paper-survey.html
Summary: Phone and Paper Surveys - Can I use the survey software to collect data via Phone and Paper surveys?

Phone and Paper Surveys - Can I use the survey software to collect data via Phone and Paper surveys? Primarily, our application is used for online (self-administered) surveys only. However, it is possible for you to collect data over the phone or via paper. Collecting Data via Phone Interviews The easiest way of collecting data over the phone is to have the "Interviewer" take the survey multiple times on behalf of the end-user. In order to do this, you'll have to bookmark the "Disable Duplicate Checking URL" (See here). The "Interviewer" will then have to go to the bookmarked Survey multiple times (once for each interview) and record the responses that the end-user answers over the phone. Collecting Data via Paper Surveys This process follows the same principle - you'll have a data-entry operator enter in all the surveys by hand (i.e. take the surveys) and the responses will be collected and coded. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Essentials Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Loop survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/WEB-Loop-Surveys.html
Summary: QuestionPro - Loop Surveys

QuestionPro - Loop Surveys The Loop Survey option enables you to continuously cycle through your chosen survey from a list of surveys on your iPad/iPhone/iTouch. You can enable the Loop Survey option under Settings for SurveyPocket. Go to: Login » My Surveys (Select Survey) » Distribute » Mobile App Click on the device for which you want to enable the looped survey. Enable Loop Survey toggle. Click on the Save. With Loop Survey enabled, you have the ability to skip the explicit ending of the survey. You are taken directly to the first question instead of the survey list. License This feature is available with the following licenses : Advanced Team Edition Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## A/B Testing in QuestionPro Surveys
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/A-B-Testing.html
Summary: >A/B testing, also known as split testing, is a method of comparing two versions of a web page or email to see which one performs better. You can test anything on a page, from the text to the layout to the call-to-action button. By doing A/B testing, you can ensure that your website is constantly improving and generating more revenue for your business

A/B Testing in QuestionPro Surveys A/B testing, also known as split testing, is a method of comparing two versions of a web page or email to see which one performs better. You can test anything on a page, from the text to the layout to the call-to-action button. By doing A/B testing, you can ensure that your website is constantly improving and generating more revenue for your business. A/B testing is a valuable technique for surveys because it allows researchers to determine if there is a statistically significant difference between two groups of survey respondents. This information can help researchers make decisions about the design of their survey, the questions they ask, and the way they analyze their data What is A/B Testing in Surveys? There are two main types of A/B testing: -Test A vs. B: In this type of test, you compare two versions of a web page or email to see which one performs better. -Split Test: In a split test, you randomly divide your respondents into two groups and send each group a different version of your survey. This type of test is used to determine if there is a statistically significant difference between the two groups When doing A/B testing, it is important to make sure that you are testing something that will have a meaningful impact on your website’s performance. For example, you should not test the color of a button or the wording on a headline. Instead, you should test variables that are likely to have an impact on your website’s conversion rate, such as the layout of a page or the text of a call-to-action. A/B Testing can be performed in QuestionPro by randomly assigning two (or more) conditions to the respondents, without letting the respondents know what the other condition looks like. This allows respondents to provide unbiased opinions by the desire to compare and contrast options. Setting up survey blocks Without any survey questions, you will see the survey template blocks where you can add or merge them together. Block randomization: Go to your survey. Click on ‘Tools’. Click on ‘Block Randomizer’ from the drop-down menu. Click on ‘Add Randomizer’ to add a section for the randomizer. Drag and drop the blocks in the section and select the number of blocks you want to randomly display to the respondents. Click on save. The order decided under block randomizer will be the default order of your survey. Can I see which blocks were displayed and in which order for each respondent? Yes. All randomization data is saved for each respondent and can be downloaded in excel/csv format. Go to: My Surveys(Select Survey) » Analytics » Manage Data » Export Here, switch on the toggle for Include Randomization Data In the exported file, block order data and question order data will be included. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Qualtrics Import Tool - QSF
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/qualtrics-import-tool-qsf.html
Summary: Qualtrics Import Tool - QSF

Qualtrics Import Tool - QSF What is Qualtrics Import Tool? Qualtrics Import Tool is built by QuestionPro to facilitate ease of migration from Qualtrics to QuestionPro. This tool allows you to migrate all your surveys along with the collected responses from Qualtrics to QuestionPro using the QSF and CSV files. Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to download video <span>Inline frames not supported</span> How to import a Qualtrics survey in QuestionPro? For migrating your surveys from Qualtrics to QuestionPro, please follow the steps below: Login to your QuestionPro account. Navigate to My Account drop-down and click on the Migration Center option Click on the Qualtrics Import Tool tile Upload the QSF files for surveys you want to migrate from Qualtrics. You can upload multiple QSF files simultaneously. To know how to get a QSF file, Click here. Once you upload the QSF files, you can see the list of surveys created in QuestionPro. The surveys would be created in the "default" folder and you can move them in the folder you desire using the move survey option. In the imported survey list click on the Import Data via CSV option and upload the CSV data file you get from Qualtrics for the respective survey. Note: Please download the CSV data file from Qualtrics using numeric values. Unsupported Question Types for Qualtrics Data Import File Upload Highlight (Speciality Question) Drill Down (Speciality Question) Timing (Advanced) Meta Info Question (Advanced) Screen Capture (Advanced) Side-by-Side Matrix HeatMap Hotspot Card Sorting Matrix Table: Drop-down list Conjoint and MaxDiff FAQs The questions in the survey which I upload in QuestionPro does not follow the order present in Qualtrics, what should I do? You can simply re-order the questions and achieve the desired order of the questions in a survey. To know more about reordering the questions Click Here My survey in Qualtrics has Branch logic applied on few blocks, will the QSF file import or it will give me an error? The QSF file will be uploaded and the survey will be created in your QuestionPro account but the logics will not be applied on the survey. QuestionPro does not import any logic present in the QSF file. You can apply the logics on your survey after importing it from the QSF file. When I tried to import the data via CSV file blank responses on the dashboard got created in my survey what should I do? QuestionPro supports the regular data export from Qualtrics which contains the answer values. Kindly export the data again with answer values from your Qualtrics account and then upload it in your QuestionPro survey. Is there any limitation to the size of the CSV file while importing the responses? Yes, QuestionPro allows CSV files with a maximum size of 20 MB when uploading them for importing responses into a survey. While importing the responses via CSV, does QuestionPro import custom fields as well? When the responses are imported via CSV using the Qualtrics import tool, QuestionPro imports the basic response metadata fields in addition to the question's answers. The basic response metadata fields are startDate, endDate, ipAddress, finished, recipientEmail, userLanguage, duration, locationLatitude, and locationLongitude. Except for the given metadata fields, QuestionPro does not import any other fields. If a question is skipped during import due to being unsupported or an error, how can we add the data for that question? If a question is skipped during survey import, the response data for that question cannot be imported as it cannot be linked to a corresponding question. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## SurveyMonkey Import Tool
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/surveymonkey-import-tool.html
Summary: SurveyMonkey Import Tool

[BETA] SurveyMonkey Import Tool What is SurveyMonkey Import Tool? SurveyMonkey Import Tool is built by QuestionPro to facilitate the ease of migration from SurveyMonkey to QuestionPro. This tool allows you to migrate all your surveys along with the collected responses from SurveyMonkey to QuestionPro using the SurveyMonkey API. Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to download video How can I import SurveyMonkey surveys into QuestionPro? To migrate your surveys from SurveyMonkey to QuestionPro, please follow the steps below: Log in to your QuestionPro account. Navigate to the My Account dropdown and click on the Migration Center option. Click on the SurveyMonkey Import Tool tile. Click on the Import surveys button. In the pop-up, enter your SurveyMonkey Access token and Server domain (e.g., api.surveymonkey.com). Then click on the Next button. Our system will fetch all the surveys from SurveyMonkey and display the list in the pop-up. Select the surveys you want to import by using the checkboxes. The selected surveys will be displayed on the right side of the pop-up. After selecting surveys, you'll find a dropdown menu at the bottom right of the pop-up which will allow you to import all responses, completed responses, or no responses for all the selected surveys. Additionally, you can select the destination folder for the surveys using the dropdown in the top right corner of the pop-up. Once you've made your selections, click the Import button to proceed. The import process will start and you'll be notified via email after the process is complete. Note: Make sure you have the required API call limits on your SurveyMonkey subscription. How can I check the list of surveys imported? To check the list of surveys imported in a specific batch, click on the count of surveys displayed next to the batch. The pop-up will open displaying the list of surveys along with the status of survey import and response import. You can click on the survey name to preview the survey or after hovering on the survey name, click on the Open in Workspace icon to open and edit the survey. How can I check the logs of the imported batch? To view the detailed logs for the process, click on the View Logs option after hovering over the import batch. The logs will appear in a pop-up. Here you can also select to view logs for a specific survey by selecting the survey from the dropdown menu. Unsupported Question Types for SurveyMonkey Import tool File Upload Highlight (Speciality Question) Drill Down (Speciality Question) Timing (Advanced) Meta Info Question (Advanced) Screen Capture (Advanced) Side-by-Side Matrix HeatMap Hotspot Card Sorting Matrix Table: Dropdown list Conjoint and MaxDiff Can I import survey logics from SurveyMonkey? No. As of now, QuestionPro does not import any logic present in the SurveyMonkey survey. You can apply the logics on your survey after importing it. FAQs How many surveys can I import at a time? You can import a maximum of 50 surveys at a time in a single batch. The questions in the survey that I upload in QuestionPro do not follow the order present in SurveyMonkey, what should I do? You can simply reorder the questions and achieve the desired order of the questions in a survey. To know more about reordering the questions Click Here. My survey in SurveyMonkey has Branch logic applied on a few blocks, will this tool import it, or will it give me an error? The survey will be imported in your QuestionPro account but the logic will not be applied on the survey. QuestionPro does not import any logic present in the SurveyMonkey survey. You can apply the logics on your survey after importing it. What will be the subject line of the email which will be sent after process completion? Following is the example of the email which will be sent to the email address added on your account: If a question is skipped during import due to being unsupported or because of an error, how can we add the data for that question? If a question is skipped during survey import, the response data for that question cannot be imported as it cannot be linked to its corresponding question. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Decipher Import Tool
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/decipher-import-tool.html
Summary: Decipher Import Tool

[BETA] Decipher Import Tool What is Decipher Import Tool? Decipher Import Tool is built by QuestionPro to facilitate the ease of migration from Decipher to QuestionPro. This tool allows you to migrate all your surveys along with the collected responses from Decipher to QuestionPro using the Decipher API. Your browser does not support the video tag. Click to download video How can I import Decipher surveys into QuestionPro? To migrate your surveys from Decipher to QuestionPro, please follow the steps below: Log in to your QuestionPro account. Navigate to the My Account dropdown and click on the Migration Center option. Click on the Decipher Import Tool tile. Click on the Import surveys button. In the pop-up, enter your Decipher API key and Server domain (e.g., emea.focusvision.com). Then click on the Next button. Our system will fetch all the surveys from Decipher and display the list in the pop-up. Select the surveys you want to import by using the checkboxes. The selected surveys will be displayed on the right side of the pop-up. After selecting surveys, you'll find a dropdown menu at the bottom right of the pop-up which will allow you to import all responses, completed responses, or no responses for all the selected surveys. Additionally, you can select the destination folder for the surveys using the dropdown in the top right corner of the pop-up. Once you've made your selections, click the Import button to proceed. The import process will start and you'll be notified via email after the process is complete. Note: Make sure you have the required API call limits on your Decipher subscription. How can I check the list of surveys imported? To check the list of surveys imported in a specific batch, click on the count of surveys displayed next to the batch. The pop-up will open displaying the list of surveys along with the status of survey import and response import. You can click on the survey name to preview the survey or after hovering on the survey name, click on the Open in Workspace icon to open and edit the survey. How can I check the logs of the imported batch? To view the detailed logs for the process, click on the View Logs option after hovering over the import batch. The logs will appear in a pop-up. Here you can also select to view logs for a specific survey by selecting the survey from the dropdown menu. Unsupported Question Types for Decipher Import tool File Upload Highlight (Speciality Question) Drill Down (Speciality Question) Timing (Advanced) Meta Info Question (Advanced) Screen Capture (Advanced) Side-by-Side Matrix HeatMap Hotspot Card Sorting Matrix Table: Dropdown list Conjoint and MaxDiff Can I import survey logics from Decipher? No. As of now, QuestionPro does not import any logic present in the Decipher survey. You can apply the logics on your survey after importing it. FAQs How many surveys can I import at a time? You can import a maximum of 50 surveys at a time in a single batch. The questions in the survey that I upload in QuestionPro do not follow the order present in Decipher, what should I do? You can simply reorder the questions and achieve the desired order of the questions in a survey. To know more about reordering the questions Click Here. My survey in Decipher has Branch logic applied on a few blocks, will this tool import it, or will it give me an error? The survey will be imported in your QuestionPro account but the logic will not be applied on the survey. QuestionPro does not import any logic present in the Decipher survey. You can apply the logics on your survey after importing it. What will be the subject line of the email which will be sent after process completion? Following is the example of the email which will be sent to the email address added on your account: If a question is skipped during import due to being unsupported or because of an error, how can we add the data for that question? If a question is skipped during survey import, the response data for that question cannot be imported as it cannot be linked to its corresponding question. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## XEBO Import Tool
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/xebo-import-tool.html
Summary: XEBO Import Tool

[BETA] XEBO Import Tool What is XEBO Import Tool? XEBO Import Tool is built by QuestionPro to facilitate the ease of migration from XEBO to QuestionPro. This tool allows you to migrate all your surveys along with the collected responses from XEBO to QuestionPro using the XEBO API. How can I import XEBO surveys into QuestionPro? To migrate your surveys from XEBO to QuestionPro, please follow the steps below: Log in to your QuestionPro account. Navigate to the My Account dropdown and click on the Migration Center option. Click on the XEBO Import Tool tile. Click on the Import surveys button. In the pop-up, enter your XEBO API key and Datacenter ID . Then click on the Next button. Our system will fetch all the surveys from XEBO and display the list in the pop-up. Select the surveys you want to import by using the checkboxes. The selected surveys will be displayed on the right side of the pop-up. After selecting surveys, you'll find a dropdown menu at the bottom right of the pop-up which will allow you to import all responses, completed responses, or no responses for all the selected surveys. Additionally, you can select the destination folder for the surveys using the dropdown in the top right corner of the pop-up. Once you've made your selections, click the Import button to proceed. The import process will start and you'll be notified via email after the process is complete. Note: Make sure you have the required API call limits on your XEBO subscription. How can I check the list of surveys imported? To check the list of surveys imported in a specific batch, click on the count of surveys displayed next to the batch. The pop-up will open displaying the list of surveys along with the status of survey import and response import. You can click on the survey name to preview the survey or after hovering on the survey name, click on the Open in Workspace icon to open and edit the survey. How can I check the logs of the imported batch? To view the detailed logs for the process, click on the View Logs option after hovering over the import batch. The logs will appear in a pop-up. Here you can also select to view logs for a specific survey by selecting the survey from the dropdown menu. Can I use OAuth instead of API key/token to import the surveys? Yes, you can use OAuth instead of API key/token to import the surveys. To switch the authentication to OAuth, click on the dropdown for Select Authentication Type and choose OAuth with ID and password as the authentication type. For OAuth, you'll need to provide Email ID, Password of your admin account and the datacenter ID. Then hit the next button and the rest of the process is the same as mentioned above. Unsupported Question Types for XEBO Import tool File Upload Highlight (Speciality Question) Drill Down (Speciality Question) Timing (Advanced) Meta Info Question (Advanced) Screen Capture (Advanced) Side-by-Side Matrix HeatMap Hotspot Card Sorting Matrix Table: Dropdown list Conjoint and MaxDiff Can I import survey logics from XEBO? No. As of now, QuestionPro does not import any logic present in the XEBO survey. You can apply the logics on your survey after importing it. FAQs How many surveys can I import at a time? You can import a maximum of 50 surveys at a time in a single batch. The questions in the survey that I upload in QuestionPro do not follow the order present in XEBO, what should I do? You can simply reorder the questions and achieve the desired order of the questions in a survey. To know more about reordering the questions Click Here. My survey in XEBO has Branch logic applied on a few blocks, will this tool import it, or will it give me an error? The survey will be imported in your QuestionPro account but the logic will not be applied on the survey. QuestionPro does not import any logic present in the XEBO survey. You can apply the logics on your survey after importing it. What will be the subject line of the email which will be sent after process completion? Following is the example of the email which will be sent to the email address added on your account: If a question is skipped during import due to being unsupported or because of an error, how can we add the data for that question? If a question is skipped during survey import, the response data for that question cannot be imported as it cannot be linked to its corresponding question. License This feature is available with the following license : Research Edition Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Changing ownership of the survey
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/Surveyownership.html
Summary: Changing ownership of the survey:

Changing ownership of the survey Why move surveys and data to another account:- At times user changes responsibilities/leaves the organization: Some survey and data are specific to an office or responsible person and may contain confidential data. In this instance, the survey creator should not have access to the survey and data, and we would need to move the survey from one account to another. A user changes offices: This is similar to the first scenario. The survey creator should not have access to the survey and data, and we would need to move the survey from one account to another. A user is no longer employed by the university: The survey should be moved to a new owner. The new owner would then be able to share the survey as needed with colleagues and use data collected previously for longitudinal research and reporting. Who can move surveys and data to another user? Users can transfer the survey from one user account to another, below are the steps you can follow Step 1.New owner needs to create a new folder and share it with the original survey owner. Step 2. A shared folder will be visible in the user account who can move the survey to the shared folder. 3.Once the survey is in the shared folder - The new owner can remove the sharing permissions which changes the owner for the survey. Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---

## Strong Password
URL: https://www.questionpro.com/help/strong-password.html
Summary: Strong Password, Security

Strong Password Strong passwords protect your accounts and devices from unauthorized access, keeping your sensitive personal information safe. The more complex the password, the more protected your information will be from cyber threats and hackers. How to enable strong password for my organization? To enable strong passwords, log into your account. Go to: Organization » Settings Click on the Settings button. Scroll down and enable the Strong Password setting. You can set a password expiry period if required or leave it as none. What are the strong password reqirements? Strong password requirements are as follows: Password should be minimum 12 characters or longer Password should include uppercase (A-Z) and lowercase (a-z) letters Password should include numbers (0-9) Passowrd should include special characters or symbols Was the article helpful? Yes No How can we improve it? Submit Thank you for submitting feedback.

---
